 Very often I am, and then sometimes I'm not. And when I catch myself realizing that I have revered back into being earth and me,
 to a family that would use that eventually wound up using me as a worker.
 So, this black family, who had two teenage children,
 I know people don't believe it when I say I don't know how old I am, but I really know somewhere I'm way past.
 We passed 50, but I was really still about 5'6".
 And there were times when the whole family was gone into the field or something like that, harvesting, picking cotton, whatever they were doing. And we were left in the house alone. The two teenagers would tie me in what we call a crocusac.
 and then tied me to a tree and with a peach tree switch they would beat my bottom until I was bleeding and I only had one thing to wear and that was also made of potato sand.
 You start talking about it like we are talking about it now, and you try to not get emotional about it, but all of a sudden those feelings do come.
 the idea of them tying me to a tree and you're not able to
 strict. My art was a very tall lady.
 Mae'n gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio. Mae'n gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r
 you know, because you got a letter from the cell that told her that if I was not taken away from this family, that they would either starve me to death or beat me to death
 And therefore, she decided that she would take me on into New York, but she wasn't any better.
 I was trying to get away from her, but where do you go? What do you do?
 And whenever I had a few pennies, I could... It was a subway, it was a nickel for you.
 and do the other hoping that the conductor wouldn't see me because they used to have a conductor.
 behind everything you possibly could, I could possibly find a hide behind. Because I never have been with that kind of security within earthen may. That makes me feel that she will ever be accepted. I don't think earthen, in myself, in my subcontinent. And when I was writing the book, I
 the urchin that I really know I am inside of myself and not wearing any makeup and not caring about what I look like.
 No one wants you, and she's trying so hard to find somebody that says her mate's all right. You wanted to, but nobody's done that yet.
 never touched me. It was a horse and a well, a ruby rosa, and there were.
 real love, strong love that men have had for me. Two of them John Barry Ryan, third and...
 Particularly with boys who come from extremely wealthy families and they are the only son.
 Everybody knows I'm past 50. Whatever the number may be does not seem to matter to them.
 No matter how hard you try not to, it's still there.
 I'm very glad that she's still a part of me, and I'm very glad that she will always be a part of me.
 she helps me do what she knows. I have to do at the round the stage because there is my survival is with that public and with those who know me well enough to realize
 except at the park. Because something is in you that says you are that character and if you have a little bit of a difficult time finding it, you will find it eventually.
 In order to find the character, but you will, but that character to me was so...
 being as physically huge as he was and having to, well, at that time, I was
 still, and to work with him was not always the most exciting thing in the world in the matter
 exciting but it was very scary and at the same time it was very exciting.
 Those four of the three of them and me would take me to lunch at the
 And as a result, you do what you are told to do, not what you want to do.
 And I think that I was afraid always to exercise my feelings about anything because I thought about
 know anything about taking care of children. My mother had died or whomever was that was saying that she was my mother who had given me a weight so many people at the time down south. So she brought me up north, my aunt.
 No, it's not for me. I am a Catherine Dunham dancer and Miss Dunham has sent me out to get this makeup.
 instinctively using that animal instincts that I had when I was a child in the South because being given away, you know, you have to rely on whatever is
 and life has been so much fun for me. But to be able to do that, to make fun
 Because I can tease myself, I can play with my mind.
 taking me as something that is insulting them. But Catwoman to me was really one of the best things I've ever done.
 a cat. And I don't think that when people are, I cannot talk for other actors, but when I am called on to do a cat
 Because I'm a human being. I'm an American citizen. I happen to love this country.
 came back to America, and that's when we had this tremendous discussion all the time, as a matter of fact, the black panther
 that they would get me again, but I stood my ground and walked from the seventh avenue to Racer Hotel.
 to all by myself, back to the Palo Theater.
 And no matter how many words they threw at me, I stood my grounds and no
 Why is there so much juvenile delinquency in the world?
 different areas of the United States among the young people.
 where we bring the young people in to teach them physical therapies of the dance form, etc., as well as other things. But this luncheon was with us, 50 women, who were to discuss the problems
 When the time came, I raised my hand and told Mrs. Johnson what the young boys of this country had told
 to be involved there. It was a dishonorable war and was an unminable war. So when I raised my hand and told Mrs. Johnson what those boys had told me
 that within two hours I was out of work in the United States.
 Because I believe that if you get an education, you can cross.
 You have that freedom of speech freedom.
 And as I said, do we in our country and solve our own problems on our own home ground?
 And therefore, what we feel in our own country should be
 the Ambassador Hotel in Los Angeles.
 go over the contract to see that everything was so and so and so.
 He came to my house in Beverly Hills and asked me if I would do saline alone.
 number five character. She's not number one, two, three or four. But I never worried about whether you are the
 We live in a free democratic world. And unless we are exercising those freedoms.
 This is what this country is all about. Speak out. And do want to others as you would have them.
 for the world. And that's one of the reasons why I wrote this book now that's out called Rejuvenated's Never Too Late. Because those of us who have come through
 to us and the value of that life. And if we didn't do that, we are absolutely out of our minds.
 you can break through all barriers once you've had that education. But go for what you really
 you go for what you really love and what you really want to do. You do a better job at it and money will always come and make you comfortable.
 what is now becoming more focused into the realization of the black people that they too must become and behave and exercise their integral part of
 I think that somebody who should be running this country should be somebody who knows how to be a business person who realizes that a business should be running.
 is always at a deficit. And people of the country are constantly being forced into paying off the debts of politicians whom we vote.
 And it's about time that we realize that, like it says.
 stand the chance of the possibility of becoming president of the United States.
 to be in that position. They have to know about how to take care of business, they have to know how to
 or the black, or the Italians, or whatever. Why aren't we concerned about America?
 I don't want any favors as a person of color. I'm sure that the Japanese, I don't know about the Japanese.
 So interesting to me that every time I leave this country and I come back, I find that I feel more like a foreigner in my own country than I did from the
 taking over very subtly. Like the man said, you won't have to need guns to take over.
 Yes, everywhere and I keep my eyes open all the time and you talk to people of the countries whom you can get really
 knowledge from not from politicians you're not going to get anything from politicians because they're very quote unquote diplomatic but the people the real people that's why I take my chances in going to foreign countries and talking to the real
 then they were more apt to tell you the truth. But why aren't they giving away this land? Everything has to seemingly be dealing with what the Bible says. The religion says this piece of land
 to us and there is always a bottom line of religiousism that says we have the right to this land.
 So, could I go to the government and say I want my land back?
 the plaza hotel when I was singing one night and there were like 20 seats empty directly in front of me and they came in all of it because they were saving
 These are Aga King's Aga Khan's family. And I stopped the show and waited until each one of them sat down and they had all of this jewels on, because it was one of those people, not the Aga, but one of
 Members of his family, I won't mention the name. He would hire models and then he would go to Winston's or Cartier and Tiffany.
 and so I waited until they were all seated, they're in calm down and then they had their little coffee.
 and then I said to him in Turkish stash of grudrum and he started to look at me and at the end of the
 I don't really think I'm looking for anything special except maybe a good partner because I'm a dirt person.
 I know if I have a piece of land, I will never go hungry because I know very much how to be afraid.
 of someone gave it to me, but it's more than that app will be hacked for a piece of
 and all that sort of thing. But when I came out of the South into New York, being brought there by my aunt, who took me out of
 after my mother gave me to this family who was not very nice to me because I'm not the right color to be accepted by the black
 to be accepted by the whites and you're on top of all of that is a bastard child.
 And no, but he wants you. But if you're given away, then that family or whomever you're given away to, uses you as a work meal. And of course, if there was food, I got it. If there was no food, then I was the last one to be fed. So between the animals, the cats and the dogs and myself.
 So I learned how to survive from the forest and from the dirt.
 the garbage cans and sleeping on the subways until I found a way into the Catherine Dunham Company by having an audition.
 And when I asked him what is the character about, what kind of person I am, how old a woman is she? And he said, you are all women, you represent all women of all
 and that's why I chose you to do this part because you're the most exciting creature I've ever
 years, I began to understand what he meant.
 from my side that he felt about me and to me an exciting person is knowing one of the
 things about an exciting person to me is knowing when to say something and when not to say something. And if you have something to say and you don't know how to say it, then the best thing to do is be quiet.
 even though they said it was very exciting from the artist's story.
 to speak. Max Gordon, after I was a flop at Levin Rose, Max Gordon, who owned the Blue Angel, called
 six weeks or two months later, because I was in New York. I had no way of getting back to Paris. Nobody, even the William Morris agency, didn't remember my name. They didn't know whom the Delaware was. They were the ones who brought me to America for La Vianna's.
 She was in it, but it was June Carol. June Carol. I run a gram and myself because we sat around for something.
 So forth and so on. I was the best dressed pauper in Paris because people like Jack Farth, Pierre Belman, Valencia
 like my body and they liked me as a personality. So they would call me and they would give me the clothes that they thought were
 and he should still have a kind of show like that. We should still have a kind of show like that, Pa.
 because they're intelligent people. What happened to these intelligent writers who have, you know, because a show like Jack Power is not
 I think he will always be able to make a good providing experience.
 life is different every day, the words may be the same, but there is a lot of innuendos too, a lot of adlib.
 And last night it was Michelle from Star Trek.
 and Karl Reiner's wife was there last night. And it's wonderful.
 Knowing that I don't like to know before because I get too nervous after what is wonderful exciting that my goodness that person came to see me know that you know what it's what
 like here is to love and here is to you, because after all he said and done
 Because I know now what I have achieved and I know more of where I want to go and I am now very sensitive to my own
 who accountants, maybe who were thieves, etc., etc. And that's why I'm saying to you, skip, I bought, thank goodness, I bought real estate because that, I know how to survive on. But you never know,
 From one moment to the other, it depends on what you do with your life, which becomes the most valuable thing. And what you've done with your life, for me, I feel there's always another tomorrow.
 Well, I'm not saying yes or no. I don't know what happens tomorrow, but I don't have any man in my life.
 wanted the mothers became the most domineering situation that cut off the relationships and the ones that I thought
 of him and his people to advise him to do that. Because I think it's about time also that two different
 many cultures, too many races, too many groups, too many visits, too many deaths.
 of leaving the company. I didn't have enough hootspa on my own to do that at the time. But when Mr. Dunham forced me to, by saying I dare
 This is from that child of the South Carolina when nobody
 getting to a point in their lives where they are just about able to start paying back their parents for whatever their
 of the rejection that she had when she was a child.
 It's good for me to be a stereotype and that's what I happen to find.
 teenager, 13, 14 years old, I want to be evil.
 Mae'n gwneud ymwch i'n gwneud ymwch i'n gwneud ymwch i'n gwneud ymwch i'n gwneud ymwch i'n gwneud ymwch i'n gwneud ymwch i'n gwneud ymwch i'n gwneud ymwch i'n gwneud ymwch i'n gwneud ymwch i'n gwneud ymwch i'n gwneud ymwch i'n gwneud ymwch i'n gwneud ymwch i'n gwneud ymwch i'n gwneud ymwch i'n gwneud ymwch i'n gwneud ymwch i'n gwneud ymwch i'n gwneud ymwch i'n gwneud ymwch i'n gwneud ymwch i'n gwneud ymwch i'n gwneud ymwch i'n gwneud ymwch i'n gwneud ymwch i'n gwneud ymwch i'n gwneud ymwch i'n gwneud ymwch i'n gwneud ymwch i'n gwneud ymwch i'n gwneud ymwch i'n gwneud ymwch i'n gwneud ymwch i'n gwneud ymwch i'n gwneud ymwch i'n gwneud ymwch i'n gwneud ymwch i'n gwneud ymwch i'n gwneud ymwch i'n gwneud ymwch i'n gwneud ymwch i'n gwneud ymwch i'n gw
 Mae'n gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r
 They couldn't find people as poor son of a man who owned a plaza hotel once.
 every step of the way and I do realise I don't have to make myself to that.
 of it. I think that when I started to sing songs like that, it was RSA who pushed those
 the mechanisms behind the discos because we do not
 And I came across the letter that Jack Anderson wrote me. It said these are your files that we found.
 quickly requested by Lady Bird and President Johnson.
 the United States so that I would be not seen and therefore I'm
 My opinions about the problems among the young people of America at that time, that was the question of the luncheon. And 50 of us ladies who work in the different communities across America and me and so also in
 I'm working with these people all the time and therefore I know what their feelings are and when they ask the question about
 Still, am I getting a good credit for putting flowers along Route 66?
 place that I can remember, they did not have a return engagement and when I was not asked
 and maybe my popularity is waning and so thought that does happen and I started to begin to realize
 called me in 1974, January, and said this is what we found.
 anywhere. And therefore, that's why you're having a hard time
 or they were claiming that they were communists or something like this. And when they couldn't find anything on you.
 and make you a very unpopular name in the eye of the public and in the minds of the public.
 they're still doing it. If they want to get rid of you, they'll find a way to get rid of you and the best way to do it is to
 worked with, just as they did with the anti-American committee. I was shocked when I came back to America in my
 This kind of thing is happening to us before the war against things like this with the
 I still can't believe it. And you never know if it is still going on, because my side of the story was never really told. What was I going to do? Apology?
 wanted me to do that. And I said I think they should apologize to the American people, because they know we should not be involved in that war.
 and I don't understand how someone like this, the man who had the fate of the young boys of this country in the palm of his
 Sorry, but morally, whatever it is, we're not supposed to.
 lost his job, which I lost my job. I still did it. I didn't know I was going to lose my job.
 I'm an American citizen. I happen to love this country. And I know that we have our struggles.
 Because being as physically huge as he was to work with him was not always the most exciting thing in the world.
 Because I believe that if you get an education, you can
 Well, I mean, we're on the break right now. We finished in March and I went into
 English movie, an English film called Shally Girl, which is like a romantic comedy kind of film.
 So that was a lot of fun, it was a good change.
 back to shoot the fourth season in July and we're doing a couple days in Paris, which I'm very excited about.
 It took care of me, kept me out of trouble, though she's as wonderful.
 how many people can say they've done that. So that was fantastic. It was really pleased with the way that we brought everything together. I think it was probably the best finale we've had of the three seasons.
 I mean, I don't know. I mean, I really don't know what's going on because we haven't had the script.
 All they meant to be together, all they know, you know, they're bad for each other because it looks that way.
 It's fine fire with fire, isn't it? I know. I have great farm work relating, as I said.
 great partnerships you know the crime fighting duo or something like that or
 Mae'n gweith i'n gweithio. Mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweith
 Well, I mean, he was going to propose and the third season, you know, that was his big step, but maybe it was a good thing.
 saw him, he had very little consideration or respect for others and enjoyed playing games with people and manipulation, but then that kind of evolved away.
 have one and fall in love with Blair and his relationship but of course his other size to his personality.
 Mae'n gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r
 So we've seen him, we've seen him progress, we've seen him grow. I think he's learned a lot.
 I think it's, I think it's a mixed thing really.
 It's a progression of somebody's life, foremost. You know, it's with people change, who go through different
 and then Josh and Stephanie came off the OEC. They brought everything, they brought their built-in fan base.
 I think they're entertainment value so I mean I think all of these things
 final season. I don't know, man. I mean, we've got this
 This brand new Samsung smartphone to take out and about with me when I'm here and doing this kind of like.
 and hit the people back. I mean, it's been pretty extravagant season, you know. I mean, it all kind of ended up
 and a lot of misbehavior with regards to his relationship
 The gossip goth thing everywhere because it means the show is getting the attention it deserves.
 I was in the virtual mobile store in Sydney last night and we did a signing and I got
 I got a chance to meet all the people down there. And it was a crazy show of support. You know, so many people came out.
 playing somebody younger than myself you know we actually have to like shave every day which can be very irritating
 A nice charming script, definitely, and a charming, nice character to play.
 We're a nice change indeed from stuff we've been doing.
 Mae'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd
 No, I mean, it's like it was a great job.
 Mae'n gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio. Mae'n gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r
 play a little bit yeah yeah play a little bit guitar absolutely they've got a very nice 90
 Mae'n gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r
 Absolutely, I think. Yeah, hugely. I think, you know, something that was very fitting for me in that respect.
 It kind of not really fell into what I was, you know, in and around there as a kid.
 everything really kind of was draining. I think everyone was draining. Everyone was really, really pleased to
 but what we've experienced is, you know, everyone's kind of... Everyone who's seen it is...
 Yeah, my character is a bit of the bad boy. But, you know, I mean, there's a bunch of elements to it that kind of have made it attractive to
 Very bad relationship with this father. So he's running through all those
 in that hand. And you know my answer and my response is always
 you know, the issues of growing up dealing with relationships, dealing with families. And so for me, I feel
 no matter who you are once you kind of read between the lines and get into the show a little more.
 ambition would be to keep being involved in exciting projects and work with people who are at the top of their
 game that I'm going to be involved in. We played just before the Los Angeles Galaxy play. It's next Saturday actually.
 Kind of expect me to be like Chuck Bass, but I
 I don't know, maybe it's the amount of American television we get in the UK.
 came with the family. We came out to California. We went out to Vegas.
 people show that they do that. So we left England to do something that they did 500 years ago.
 I mean, you've got these amazing structures, you know, with the hotels and everything.
 called Johnny and Johnny is the love interest of the character Kim who's played by the wonderful
 is a good Felicity's character. She is a shout-out girl, she works in
 and do that here, though, pretty much out of control. So when I say I thought I was up to the job and I thought I was good, I was telling everyone before I'm like,
 the bookshelves, or let alone have her play my mother, which is incredible.
 She's a wonderful, absolutely loving, caring, warm person. Everything you want, Brooke Shields to be. Everything, I think, America. We want Brooke Shields to be. And we actually got to dance one night to a great song out in a local
 Yeah, I think we're very different places in a very different countries and it's a great thing for me to be able to
 Yeah, the particle sun returns. It's it's good fun.
 and we had such a kind of spectacular cat and mouse thing going and you know will they won't they finally get back together after all the drama that unraveled throughout the past year so but I'm hopeful
 an absolute roller coaster. It's been fantastic. I mean at first you kind of a little bit in war of everything. I mean I still am in the war of
 stuff that's going on. But you just take your day by day and enjoy it and get to meet wonderful people and go to wonderful places.
 So I went in and read for both and I read it in English accent as well, which could have been a...
 I just feel myself being so busy tied up with the show and everything like that, you know, music I absolutely adore. I mean, as I'm sure we all do. And it was something I really
 I didn't really see a way to kind of make it a career or a way to make it your living.
 It was kind of like snowboarding and it was fantastic you know all of a sudden you know dreams became
 and his best friend's Nathan Bleb pretty well, because you know where one's been taken away, he's been replaced with something else in a more family, his father's relationship with him.
 support in family and I think that's something that he's always missed you know so I think that holds a very attractive age
 where he's fantastic designer clothes and I think the thing that's fantastic is it's not just about
 The costume and the truck is very unique. It's very individual and that can only help me kind of you know
 because, you know, it's based in an international city, New York's a capital of the world. It has peoples for only.
 all countries around the world and from, you know, all sections of society. So this story is whether, you know, albeit it's based on the upper east side and the context is, you know, these very wealthy people.
 you know, family, love and all the other things that kind of, you know,
 love it and enjoy what we're doing and it's fantastic to know that you've got this kind of people that really enjoy your work and all
 go to the tourist spots, but you actually get to Brixton, hang out, y'all stand me and get
 Because I was watching people getting torn up by tornado, which is actually news
 you know I appreciate those couple of people getting together to copulate but I couldn't understand how that became a day event called news exactly you know gonna get your copulation on that people get married every day and it ain't that big of an event you understand me you know I love your little palace and all that the nice little peasant treated went on and then you know I
 I mean, it's only so much TV allowed, but I'm like,
 brother you have called the brother the one and only undercover brothers yeah I'm fro with the show if you touch the boat you got to go you know
 As you can see, when I walked up here, it's not an answer, I just mean solo dolo.
 big balls of your female giant ovaries.
 I want the young motherfuckers in here tonight, no matter what your nationality is.
 took it on. Now, one of the things you know about American motherfucking history, wherever we land, we don't leave
 We already got three bases permanent bases in our wreck. We still in Vietnam
 I think he was singing to his wife, let's stay together. You know what I'm saying? I hope he messed up, because I'm looking for you.
 He said, you know, George Bush don't like black people. I don't think he like white chicks.
 You know, it's supposed to be a moment, you know, little dudes, you know, egos to get out of whack.
 You know, because you know, you need to just go sit down until it's your turn to get on stage.
 You know, you are hired to do this. You know, and VH1 hired you to come and do something.
 You know, that the boy was out of pocket then. But now I've never stepped on anybody else's moment.
 I just happen to have, you know, a tongue that says some things at certain times that people wouldn't expect it.
 my kids and for anything in the world. So the show deals with me being a father and having that many women.
 Because all of my baby mamas are very cool young ladies. You know, basically we just sat down and had a conversation and said, look, we adults, the kids didn't ask to be here. It's not about us arguing to bring up old issues that we might have or still have. You know, we got to be adults and do the right thing, buddy.
 I said it to house. We need more police.
 It was that black people we be fucking with y'all about this shit cuz ain't a brother since the end is room that has
 You fucked up that shit man, it bowed right cause it ain't like it is today, you know what I'm saying? Couple of weeks from
 Please open your little hand because hitting that nigga with that fist is like throwing a grape at him.
 yourself all you want to but you can't change your genetic code because I
 Dennis Rodman put together a team to go to North Korea and play some basketball.
 And of course, I'm sure it'll make some kind of money, doesn't it?
 that a ball player wants to go play basketball.
 You teach us to teach our children that violence is not the way, but when it comes to y'all, it seems violence is the way.
 It suffered back in, I think it was the 70s or the 80s and they wanted the boycott because they didn't like this country. Meanwhile, people have been training for 10 years.
 He can't go because somebody got an attitude in the White House and the Capitol.
 hell alone and we all know then is a wrap to tight but the boy was trying to articulate a situation on some news station and they tried to corner him into asking the head of the Korean people to pull somebody out of jail to send jail over there
 and he looked like he'd been partying all night, wrongdo the as-to-do politics. He played basketball. I don't want the boy negotiating for me.
 that you want to negotiate with you on any kind of deal. So to ask that man, that question is retarded of the question asked them.
 I hope you make some money. And for the brothers that went with you, have some fun.
 They're going to play ball. So let them play ball. That's what I said.
 Take your ass over there. Obama, you play balls. You did that with your first garden.
 putting together basketball game because you're trying to give your outlet brunch to get some kind of conversation going on so y'all can stop this child as
 Get a goddamn bomb, your motherfuckers freak the fuck out. Shut the fuck up. Look at the mere motherfuckers.
 When we all came at it, this goes from Martin Show.
 You know, people think he's kind of bougie or whatnot, you know, because the brother's educated, but I think he's got some blood.
 every motherfuckin' phone is a tracking device.
 as they know what the fuck I'm at right now. You got one in your purse. They know what the fuck you at. You know what's that mean? Now a plane has a black box in the motherfucker. It gives off some kind of tweet, tweet, tweet, tweet, tweet. Don't nobody know what the fuck the dweep coming from.
 the rounds in hey motherfucker over here now the pilot knew it was gonna crash before anybody else I know they got parachute you're telling me nothing motherfucker jump
 and they compute the flight simulator, like they're going to find out some more than the flight simulator, like I'm just going to practice crashing into the ocean.
 Somebody hijacked that motherfucker that was on the plane.
 You're probably torching his ears right now. I'm fine. I'm a fucking no, I didn't know. And the rest of the
 the prayers going out to the families of those who have family members on their flame.
 They landed somewhere. I think they want to cause the president of the IBM to see yours on that field.
 the prayers going out to the families of those who have family members.
 come through parents and stuff. He had that, and there's some nurture in that he just pushed it and made it work. When I was at stand-up workshop learning to do stand-up, because I only did sketches, he was down, there were different types of stand-ups you could be, you could choose one, and one was the sort of god-like genius era, and that was the Robin Williams. You can head to that, but only if you're crazy, you head
 he could have done it more, because I think, oh, Amazon America, if you get successful in comedy, you will go into a television series or a film series, and that becomes key, and it's a different thing to stand up. So I feel he did occasional stand up tours after taking off into such a huge way, but not all the time. He was so wonderful at it. I don't actually know why he didn't come back to it
 That was, that was just Robin. He was a nice guy, but I first made him on a film.
 he was just very welcoming and I said, can you watch my video? And he watched it immediately, which was very odd. You would expect a lot of pullback on that, but he was just
 a decent person and for a lot of us
 Mae'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd
 all of us comedians through, but he was making himself laugh. I'm pretty sure he was performing. He was the first person in his audience. When I did this film,
 would have done he would have just gone off and they said the script would have been here and he would have gone off in seven ways to
 can't actually try and be someone. You can't say I want to be that, but you can add little bits onto your own style. But my style was more sort of Woody Allen with Billy Connolly and Richard Pryor mixed in. But it's just that he did hit this godlike genius place of being able to do anything and it was political and it was fast and it was impressions and he would run through
 usually move off the stage. He just had this ability to take a room and
 He's just right up there. I mean, there should never be number one in creative things, but he's in the top ten of all time. Maybe the top five is just...
 It is rather tragic. I didn't want to come in here and do this but I thought I was discussing this with Steve Cougan whether I should do it because it looked sometimes it was like everyone jumps on telly and talks about people but I just wanted to say
 I announced five years ago that I'd run in May 2020 so that's kind of weird because you know me
 will be the fourth when I get that and then Russian. Well, I'm kind of ambitious. I'm positive on people. I want me to do well. I want everyone to do well. I hate the right wing. I hate religious extremes.
 Yn gwyli'n gwyli'n gwyli'n gwyli'n gwyli'n gwyli'n gwyli'n gwyli'n gwyli'n gwyli'n gwyli'n gwyli'n gwyli'n gwyli'n gwyli'n gwyli'n gwyli'n gwyli'n gwyli'n gwyli'n gwyli'n gwyli'n gwyli'n gwyli'n gwyli'n gwyli'n gwyli'n gwyli'n gwyli'n gwyli'n gwyli'n gwyli'n gwyli'n gwyli'n gwyli'n gwyli'n gwyli'n gwyli'n gwyli'n gwyli'n gwyli'n gwyli'n gwyli'n gwyli'n gwyli'n gwyli'n gwyli'n gwyli'n gwyli'n gwyli'n gwyli'n gwyli'n gwyli'n gwyli'n gwyli'n gwyli'n gwyli'n gwyli'n gwyli'n gwyli'n gwyli'n gwyli'n gwyli'n gwyli'n gwyli'n gwyli'n gwyli'n gwyli'n gwyli'n gwyli'n gwyli'n gwyli'n gwyli'n gwyli'n gwyli'n
 Well, he is sent to rights. I'm okay with that, but he's not my party. It's more about the fear than the many. And he said he wouldn't take part in the National Health Service and he sort of did.
 and if you say the big three, if it's three syllables or more, if you just say it with a different accent, it is probably the same word, transportation.
 French and I'm going to do German and Spanish down and things but you know I just thought they spent all this time learning English it would be
 No, at the moment it's just this election going to come out so we don't even need to talk about that.
 And it's a 60 million draft man, you think, is that too bad?
 I don't know what to say. I asked Stephen to do
 They are interests actually must, you know, because they can't fly as without a mission.
 Well, my thing is, I know everyone's gone kind of weird, but if Europe doesn't make it, I don't think the world's going to make it. We've got to learn to work together in some shape or form. Britain's got to be at the centre of that.
 And we all come out of Africa and we come from the same people. So we were small group of about 10,000 people.
 as Eddie's of Mandela Marathas. I tried around 27, 27 days.
 that was going to kill me. So it was a prescription drive.
 No, not a fan. In fact, he was going five miles an hour. He was going five miles an hour, but straight for me.
 will live in that live and let's do our lives and we don't get involved, we don't get that active and so we have to get active to keep fighting
 Mae'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd
 Michael Mittemar came over. South Africans, Canadians, Australians are coming in.
 and getting a street full of it, they say we know you, you know, so do some good stuff, don't just...
 that it was only half full, it was raining. I thought it was going to be miserable, but because I got to Dunedin, not many people came down there.
 Well, I think I could get in and I could get elected and then people start grumbling and say, oh, you were interesting before and it's boring now because I'm going to
 Felly, yng Nghymru, yng Nghymru, yng Nghymru, yng Nghymru, yng Nghymru, yng Nghymru, yng Nghymru, yng Nghymru, yng Nghymru, yng Nghymru, yng Nghymru, yng Nghymru, yng Nghymru, yng Nghymru, yng Nghymru, yng Nghymru, yng Nghymru, yng Nghymru, yng Nghymru, yng Nghymru, yng Nghymru, yng Nghymru, yng Nghymru, yng Nghymru, yng Nghymru, yng Nghymru, yng Nghymru, yng Nghymru, yng Nghymru, yng Nghymru, yng Nghymru, yng Nghymru, yng Nghymru, yng Nghymru, yng Nghymru, yng Nghymru, yng Nghymru, yng Nghymru, yng Nghymru, yng Nghymru, yng Nghymru, yng Nghymru, yng Nghymru, yng Nghymru, yng Nghymru, yng Nghymru, yng Nghymru, yng Nghymru, yng Nghymru, yng Nghymru,
 Oh, actually, well, when it comes to genitalia, forget them of that.
 there's this thing of dumbing down, they talk about television, going for the lowest common denominator, I tend to go for the highest common denominator, and I assume the intelligence of the audience, and if I played an audience that wasn't sharp, they would probably lynch me because they would say what are you talking about? But I assume people watch the whole bunch of films, they can get references to history, politics, obscure things, because I tend to
 I don't know enormously, I do take in a lot of facts, but I tend to just throw out small facts that I've learned, which makes
 and the changes in technology equals the future. This is my sort of theory. So if you study the past, you get the future, you can work it well.
 attacking and I'm very positive about the union so I think it's the way that if humans aren't
 People say that, actually. People say you won't remember much of that. I remember that and everything before that.
 lemonade and biscuits and some other kids were there and other parents were there so it's quite weird it's like a positive
 I think if you're alternative sexuality gale has been transgendered, you
 Mae'n gweithio'r yng Nghymru yn yng Nghymru yn yng Nghymru yn yng Nghymru yn yng Nghymru yn yng Nghymru yn yng Nghymru yn Yng Nghymru yn Yng Nghymru yn Yng Nghymru yn Yng Nghymru yn Yng Nghymru yn Yng Nghymru yn Yng Nghymru yn Yng Nghymru yn Yng Nghymru yn Yng Nghymru yn Yng Nghymru yn Yng Nghymru yn Yng Nghymru yn Yng Nghymru yn Yng Nghymru yn Yng Nghymru yn Yng Nghymru yn Yng Nghymru yn Yng Nghymru yn Yng Nghymru yn Yng Nghymru yn Yng Nghymru yn Yng Nghymru yn Yng Nghymru yn Yng Nghymru yn Yng Nghymru yn Yng Nghymru yn Yng Nghymru yn Yng Nghymru yn Yng Nghymru yn Yng Nghymru yn Yng Nghymru yn Yng Nghymru yn Yng Nghymru yn Yng Nghymru yn Yng Nghymru yn Yng Nghymru yn Yng Nghymru yn Yng Nghymru yn Yng Nghymru yn Yng Nghymru yn Yng Nghymru yn Yng Nghymru yn Yng Nghymru yn Yng Nghymru yn Yng Nghymru yn Yng Nghymru yn Yng Nghymru yn Yng Nghymru yn Yng Nghymru yn Yng Nghymru yn Yng Nghymru
 women tend to, and gay men, I think, have their senses more heightened, men have them lowered, but maybe slightly more focused.
 I just, I have two sort of modes. I just go barely.
 Mae'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd
 not the case, even though it obviously makes an extra bit of something that goes with it.
 You know, you're gay, you're lesbian, a lot of them do.
 So it wasn't the thing that made it happen.
 Well, yeah, I've always wanted to have boobs, but you know, I look kind of blokey, so
 There's lots of, you know, it's basically loads of teenage girls that work. They'll say, oh, I don't want to have boobs.
 Mae'r yng Nghymru yn Ysgol i'r Ysgol i'r Ysgol i'r Ysgol i'r Ysgol i'r Ysgol i'r Ysgol i'r Ysgol i'r Ysgol i'r Ysgol i'r Ysgol i'r Ysgol i'r Ysgol i'r Ysgol i'r Ysgol i'r Ysgol i'r Ysgol i'r Ysgol i'r Ysgol i'r Ysgol i'r Ysgol i'r Ysgol i'r Ysgol i'r Ysgol i'r Ysgol i'r Ysgol i'r Ysgol i'r Ysgol i'r Ysgol i'r Ysgol i'r Ysgol i'r Ysgol i'r Ysgol i'r Ysgol i'r Ysgol i'r Ysgol i'r Ysgol i'r Ysgol i'r Ysgol i'r Ysgol i'r Ysgol i'r Ysgol i'r Ysgol i'r Ysgol i'r Ysgol i'r Ysgol i'r Ysgol i'r Ysgol i'r Ysgol i'r Ysgol i'r Ysgol i'r Ysgol
 And then you give three years to the army after that so I seriously consider that because I am quite military in my head
 I'm very strategic if you think of you know some people's careers go great and it goes off and they go hey and then when they're creased up they don't know how it
 get all this rationalized, which could be in the Constitution. I don't know what I've downloaded the Constitution, but I haven't really. It's also boring. See, politics is incredibly tedious. That's what much people
 This is how and my I very I'm a popcorn eating film watcher, so I find politics fascinating interesting. I know but it's cheap
 Mae'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith
 i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd
 I mean, I think we need to have a sort of supreme council and you have all the heads of all the countries.
 What a waste of space. I mean, she was very tough and firm. She was very, you know, hit the light, I feel. So she's kind of, you know, picked up a few things from out of there.
 It's got no imagination. Of course, you can get democracy with people speaking different languages.
 Maybe she's just she wasn't a lazy person I couldn't say that but lack of imagination
 and I felt since 1945 any potatoes in the world is like an abomination. What are these people doing here?
 doing here, this should have been stopped. We need to have the international criminal court. We need to have that with teeth. All dictators should immediately have life imprisonment. You don't even need to try them if you think about it because you don't need to prove that dictators, they're already
 yng Nghymru, ac mae'n gweithio'r yng Nghymru'r yng Nghymru'r yng Nghymru'r yng Nghymru'r yng Nghymru'r yng Nghymru'r Nghymru'r Nghymru'r Nghymru'r Nghymru'r Nghymru'r Nghymru'r Nghymru'r Nghymru'r Nghymru'r Nghymru'r Nghymru'r Nghymru'r Nghymru'r Nghymru'r Nghymru'r Nghymru'r Nghymru'r Nghymru'r Nghymru'r Nghymru'r Nghymru'r Nghymru'r Nghymru'r Nghymru'r Nghymru'r Nghymru'r Nghymru'r Nghymru'r Nghymru'r Nghymru'r Nghymru'r Nghymru'r Nghymru'r Nghymru'r Nghymru'r Nghymru'r Nghymru'r Nghymru'r Nghymru'r Nghymru'r Nghymru'r Nghymru'r Nghymru'r Nghymru'r Nghymru'r
 Everything's going to be weird. Terrorism has started to happen.
 In general forms, yes, you've got to separate religion and state.
 using terrorism with religion would have less culture to grow.
 There's obviously a number of things from legend and maybe the bullet's religion is the one to look at because it has no
 Mae'n gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r
 My life is a bit messy, but I actually live in here.
 see a play after that and I don't want to play before that.
 but you really like the idea of people going, that's great, so much that you'll work your arm
 Mae'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith
 No, I just said the whole space, the show is fresh. Yes. Which is also downloadable from the website. It's the previous show.
 They, in Paris, they can go, oh, yeah, squirrels, EQI, they can fuzze, or they can banjo. You know, they can go, oh, yeah, that's stupid. In fact, in France, they don't have much absurdist humor as they go, or surreal humor. They, and I said, but you know, they, the cool people, they multiply them.
 cooler people, the people with a certain amount of education, they can dig surreal humor. And it's just the references. So my theory is there is no French sense of humor. There is no German sense of humor.
 Mae'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd
 Well, you see I don't think any language is that difficult because all Russian speak Russian yeah all Mandarin Chinese kids speak Mandarin Chinese
 So if some language is really hard, there should be people saying, okay, here in Russia, these kids just don't speak it, they just point at things.
 That time, I think it's... Now, I could be wrong when I get to Russia, because I haven't actually laid in. I've learnt the alphabet. I've learnt the alphabet. And Dylan Moran has, too. And both me and Dylan Moran want to do Russia in Russia. But I've got to go to Germany next year. I'm already touring France in French. German next year, in German in Berlin, two months there. Then I could do Spain for Spanish, and then Russian, and then I'll be able to report back more accurately. But I think it's the Cyrillic alphabet that makes us go, whoa!
 I don't even know where to begin on that one, but you just have to get to be on the alphabet.
 Mae'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd
 because you know we're in a financial crisis around the world and whatever and it's sort of bubbling around at the moment but then the world tends to go off and becomes slightly more right-wing and hate other people and xenophobia turns into slight racism and all this kind of stuff and I'm saying now let's go the other way I do
 It was all live eight was going on and Bob Gulf, a lot of people down in London.
 So I thought I should go up and help there and so I just got myself there and then started trying to help work with activists there and
 Mae'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd
 I think it's beautiful that Britain can do that. You can go from them coming in from escaping from the Nazis to their sons.
 No, no, I was going around, as someone who was going to politics in eight years, I was going
 focus you know it's a five-year parliament it could well be so all the focus keeps going towards the sitting government so he doesn't get so much action in front of cameras this is the
 I know Nathan quite well and I haven't seen everything he's done so it's just great. I just happen to be in town for Comic Con at the weekend and this was here so I said well yes I'll come it's great so you know great cars Nathan Lane
 in the film studios, but I do, when I'm doing theatre, I love doing it, but filming is my first
 They were and oh my gosh, they are my company. I think I think I've stolen everything from
 Indian golfers have a 30-second memory, so they don't know how long they live. They never have fear, they don't have worries. They can't remember their worries.
 Everything is going bizarre. I just, I don't think anyone in Britain could believe that someone could hack a phone of someone who was, you know,
 We'll be going, why wasn't I hacked? But no, I'm quite happy not to be hacked, unless I was hacked, and then I'm not happy to be hacked. Yeah.
 show and there's one or two tickets left if you want to just be sitting in the nice place because I think at the back the people are reluctant
 just doing it. I'm doing it on my own so no orchestra the orchestra has been told just just hang around guys and there's all these guys with violins
 the gig tomorrow. You'll find as you walk up and and buy things and stuff. There's going to be a lot of violence. It's just kicking the heels around.
 It says it's just us nine and we have a big table and but so they came down we'd say what but
 That's what goes on there, but I'm very positive on Europe. It's what humanity does. We gradually come together. We gradually get fairer rules for everyone.
 Russian and do more in Russian. I really want to have Russian.
 homosexuality laws in the mid-80s in a democratic, a country that's supposed to have had a democracy for, you know,
 years, 300 years, whatever we're supposed to have in the UK. And so, you know, countries can go backwards.
 It's not that all Canadian mayors. I just thought, when I was in Montreal, they were saying, you heard about the man, right? Yeah, I got here and said, you heard about the man.
 which is about three hours worth. And then I actually ejaculate, but not in a sexual way.
 So, if you are of an ethnic minority, you can actually rail against January the
 people with money. All these kind of things, if you're working class against the upper classes, but if you're straight and white and male middle classes, it's just useless. So thank God I'm a transversive.
 to journalists back in Britain that I was a transvestite and now I don't wear dress and then people I have to
 people to believe me that I am a transverse or which is really weak. I never thought when I first came out that I'd have to
 or pants as they say in America, they don't call that drag. So I say it's not drag for me. I'm stressing a feminine side of myself. So I'm just wearing a dress. I would wear makeup and whatever. I'm in boy mode at the moment, just like the human torch. You can do flame on, flame off. So I'm boy on at the moment.
 I remember some friends they had this amazing Lego we used to wake up anyway, so that's a seven that I was a morning person after that it was now is all down
 Mae'n mynd i'n mynd. Mae'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd
 but we can actually get a film career out of playing to America.
 because it was Ted Marathons and my feet had started to heal and I was running
 I tried to do 27 mountains for Nelson Mandela last year. I'll go back and repeat that next.
 And yeah of thing and when they're gonna work it out they're gonna say that's the transvestite thing and certain people have got it and I'll go Yeah, that's me. I got it and that's how it's gonna work
 And my thought on this is that if they were fighting back in the 6th of June, if English speakers, Americans, Canadians, British people, French,
 coming up. So yes, I'm doing an Al Franken, Senator Al Franken, I'm going to be following
 What do you do? I'm a student, I'm from Kathmandu. Really? I said we speak good English. I said do other people speak good English in Kathmandu. Can I play there?
 things in life that, you know, I tried to do my things, but I never actually sat and worked out which parts of other people I would
 So we're standing there talking like I should go to him and then after about you know 30 seconds a minute he says so
 was a Spitfire there. And Donald Pleasant is saying, can you fly any of these? Yeah, I could fly the Spitfire. I could. I logically could, because I've learned on a Piper Alpha, which is
 But all the logic is there you know all the stuff all the basic equipment is there so I could do
 Different people would argue different countries with a fuck of wolf 109
 and the hurricane shot down more enemy planes.
 Yng Nghym Llywodraeth yng Nghym Llywodraeth yng Nghym Llywodraeth yng Nghym Llywodraeth yng Nghym Llywodraeth yng Nghym Llywodraeth yng Nghym Llywodraeth yng Nghym Llywodraeth yng Nghym Llywodraeth yng Nghym Llywodraeth yng Nghym Llywodraeth yng Nghym Llywodraeth yng Nghym Llywodraeth yng Nghym Llywodraeth yng Nghym Llywodraeth yng Nghym Llywodraeth yng Nghym Llywodraeth yng Nghym Llywodraeth yng Nghym Llywodraeth yng Nghym Llywodraeth yng Nghym Llywodraeth yng Nghym Llywodraeth yng Nghym Llywodraeth yng Nghym Llywodraeth yng Nghym Llywodraeth yng Nghym Llywodraeth yng Nghym Llywodraeth yng Nghym Llywodraeth yng Nghym Llywodraeth yng Nghym Llywodraeth yng Nghym Llywodraeth yng Nghym Llywodraeth yng Nghym Llywodraeth yng Nghym Llywodraeth yng Nghym Llywodraeth yng Nghym Llywodraeth yng Nghym Llywodraeth yng Nghym Llywodraeth yng Nghym Llywodraeth yng Nghym Llywodraeth yng Nghy
 Like they did a special film about, they discovered the DNA molecules.
 Well, I'd come out six years before. So I'd actually come out in 85 and it was clear I was taking off in 91. So I told friends and then I sort of
 Transvest that was in a bad word. What a negative word. So I was TV. I am TV. People said you're television. It was TV and T.S. Transsexual TV.
 and then trans, and so I said, okay, I'm trans, yeah, and then so I said, either you're trans, but
 You know, boy was wearing a dress and I had it at this and I thought, and all the other kids thought it was funny, but I thought, now that sounds like I'd like to wear a dress. I didn't know why. I couldn't wear that and I still like girls. So I am a straight transgender, wannabe lesbian.
 Yeah, I'd say boy quality. I never had that. I never get drunk in the butt. I never could get the drink.
 But very focus, very, one of the special forces is one of the two paratroopers,
 Mae'n gweithio'n gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r
 Was that it? And I had a fight with some other, it was teenage kids, they give you the hardest time, adults go.
 And I give off non-victim vibes. I give off non-victim vibes. That's quite 30 years worth of.
 I don't know what I'm looking at. Maybe not Nazis with knives that, whatever.
 I will stand my ground. They say when you're riding a bicycle, claim the road and it's better for you to.
 Mae'n gweithio'r gweithio. Mae'n gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r
 Mae'n gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r
 you know, just living that life be cool, everyone's got to like write to be everywhere, you know.
 the other performer, I was working on the stand-up.
 He's known for being a covenant television, and they were, eh, yes, he knew him. That was interesting. Actually, I'm going to go back and say, yes, he's going, what's going on there?
 good comedian, you know, friend of mine. So you're cool with me, then you've got to be cool with him. And then, so then it was taking sides. And so they said, so he said, are we all cool now? And they said,
 sort of and says okay we'll do a selfie and then the boys were not cool and all the boys
 open air format because there's so many other things that people can do. In a theatre, people are watching
 script, someone's going to time it, and that was the beginning of me developing my voice and for my own character.
 Because I always played characters with voices like this. Well, small idiots who said, I don't know, I don't really want to be there. So I was playing these voices like Monty Python, and then I started developing my voice.
 that took me into stand up. That's the front part of my stand up. All the back part is me doing sketches. I set up a scene with myself.
 Mae'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith. Mae'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith
 And then I couldn't get dramatic roles going. And I made someone laugh when I was 12 in a...
 And then I discovered Python and the Goons and Martin, Spike Milligan, Peter Sellers, and I thought, OK, I will not do drama, because I became a spotty teenager. Most teenagers go into this spotty acne.
 God, if there is a God, says no, you'll have the worst looks that ever happen. And so I thought, I can't do, I can't be a hero, romantic hero. And with this going on in greasy hair and pimpley
 Never see her again, and then you go to a boarding school and you don't see dad for two thirds of the year, so it was very
 difficult to survive, I just closed down emotionally, really. Stop crying. When I got to about 11, I realized crying was bad, because you lose arguments that way, so I stopped.
 And so they decided, well, keep doing the job, kids will go
 That's an option. So he used to go to sleep with the radio on just to have voices happening in the house.
 Since then, which is not standard practice. Otherwise, everyone from boarding schools would go and do all this stuff. I'm not sure. I've got a determination, genetic, I think, going on. I've got a bloody mind in this thing. I can take quite a lot of grief coming my way and push back on it. I came out 30 years ago being transgender.
 Yn yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw
 was hugely tricky, because I told everyone in 85 that I was TV, transgender, whatever, trans now, I think we're called. And then I told my dad six years later, it was just don't tell dad thing, and I thought, now I've got to tell dad, and he was cool about it. And then I told him on a Saturday, and on a Monday, I did this first
 I made one joke about being transvestite and then I thought I got to turn up in the dress and that was a few months later and I thought my career
 get off the ground or longer if you go back into the teenage years. And I just thought this could kill it right here.
 True, it's right. It's what humanity needs to do. We need to feel the fear and do it anyway. You need to push back against the extremists and the hateful people.
 trying to stamp on you, who have murdered transgender people and lesbian people and gay people for thousands of years since the dawn of time. You've got to push back against these disgusting people and say that we are not disgusting because they've been saying we're disgusting. Actually, this is genetics. They'll find the code at some point and I'm just a human being. I have certain rights just to exist and the guilt and shame I'm not having that.
 and they said well that's in its infancy still because there's so many millions and millions of pieces that they still haven't quite got
 Mae'r yng Nghymru, ac mae'r yng Nghymru yn yng Nghymru yng Nghymru yng Nghymru yng Nghymru yng Nghymru yng Nghymru yng Nghymru yng Nghymru yng Nghymru yng Nghymru yng Nghymru yng Nghymru yng Nghymru yng Nghymru yng Nghymru yng Nghymru yng Nghymru yng Nghymru yng Nghymru yng Nghymru yng Nghymru yng Nghymru yng Nghymru yng Nghymru yng Nghymru yng Nghymru yng Nghymru yng Nghymru yng Nghymru yng Nghymru yng Nghymru yng Nghymru yng Nghymru yng Nghymru yng Nghymru yng Nghymru yng Nghymru yng Nghymru yng Nghymru yng Nghymru yng Nghymru yng Nghymru yng Nghymru yng Nghymru yng Nghymru yng Nghymru yng Nghymru yng Nghymru yng Nghymru yng Nghymru yng Nghymru yng Nghymru yng Nghymru yng Nghymru yng Nghymru yng Nghymru yng Nghymru yng Nghymru yng Nghymru yng Nghymru yng Nghymru yng Nghymru yng Nghymru yng Nghymru yng Nghymru yng Ng
 Mae'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd
 I still have got all that side to me, but there's also the girly side and I've just been honest and told people
 Well, like, if I look for it, I could find it anywhere, anytime, probably, yeah. There was a young woman in Brisbane who said, are you wearing lipstick? I said, yeah, and said, you're sick. And then she walked off. And then my makeup artist, who happened to have been, due to the champion of Europe at 15, she went off after her.
 Before, over 30 years since I came out, for about 25 years, yes. My confidence has changed recently. I'm running for Mayor London in 2020, so I better be ready for whatever.
 Yes, but I also, you know, I wanted to do all the things I've done. If I had a kid and you're trying to drag him around the world or you leave him in a boarding school or what do you do, that gets quite confusing and it's also my relationships that are difficult.
 I started taking off without... I'd already told my friends I was transversed up, but I hadn't told the police.
 has nothing to do with the comedy, I'll just do surreal comedy. So audiences came to see what I was wearing and then they know he doesn't change
 The last one was in government. The next one would probably be in government.
 but what I'd say now is that in the 60s and 70s people paid money to buy heart and soul from the Beatles, the Stones, all those bands.
 No, I'm not in the line to be James Bond.
 You know, I actually want to do action movies, but they won't let me so I run 43 marathons, and I'll do my own
 I've done Treasure Island and the director said, you know, because I have basic Treasure Island long john silver has to go around on one leg with a crutch. And it was a very 17, 1700s type of crutch. They basic crutch had to go around on in sand. But I had the stamina to do it, because I could run all these mountains. But it's just that I think we're all designed.
 When I did two in two days, I did think actually I could stop now and I could dine out forever.
 it was surreal and no one would believe me. I was running all around the UK from capital of England, the capital of Wales, the capital of Northern Ireland, the capital of Scotland Bay. And people just wouldn't believe that
 If you go in shops, you won't see that one up front because they think that's too risky.
 But they swung with it, you know, that cool.
 a visual sense of humor in Britain, except a visual sense of humor. The Germans have no sense of humor, and they say all of America has no sense of irony.
 I rather died, actually, because I did a play. I played a raven. My mum made the raven costume before she died, like she died when I was six. And I remember not being that bothered about this sort of performing thing.
 then I went to a boarding school and didn't see my dad a lot of the time and then audiences were like a surrogate affection machine. So I think that's when this lust for the love of an audience came.
 or you know, hour and a half, two hours. It's quite surreal. I watch a lot of telly. I don't read a lot of books, but I said no, a lot of facts, which I sort of weave in between. I do a lot of stuff on history-based things and I talk about the Romans.
 but he had stuff where Moses and Jesus came back and then the back of the St. Pat's Cathedral, you know, and stuff like that. But it isn't heavily used, and I suddenly thought, I should go in there because I love this subject anyway, because I think the future's written
 and watching the swept up. And for four years and then I got to stand up, realizing I had to lengthen down a bit, became the buzzy comedy of Britain.
 I started talking about it, but not wearing any makeup or anything.
 sometimes not. And then they said, all right, he is a transversible, he looks a mess, looks like a small
 For ease of notification, transvest or transsexual is just someone who has started having an operation.
 and it's gone further down the line. And there should be gay bisexual and lesbian transvestists.
 Because the bottom line of comedy is to be funny and the bottom line of acting is to be
 And I don't think it's going to, I was wondering, is it going to go away? Is it a fad that's coming down and it's going to go away?
 Felly, yw'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith
 good stuff at school, 17 and made a lot of people laugh and as about 17, 18, I did something that was quite dramatic but that couldn't help me at that time.
 Next I've scared of flying so I let the fly and I found that to put the plane back down on the ground you need a confidence bordering arrogance to say this piece of
 singing to myself in a cold, rubbergy day. But I was quite confident at this point, putting out the T-codes with these animal T-codes.
 which I liked the irony of then someone came and kicked
 So I can choose to add anything so I try and get you try and get as much control as you can
 But, you know, still the majority of people are sensible, but people
 Yeah, the immigrants get demonized and they say that everyone is trying to silence.
 that came from a lot of failure. So I just try to run marathons and South African fail with that. But I go back
 That is the story of my life. Keep going back and back and back and back. And that's Nelson Mandela. Get off the Nelson Mandela.
 and people go, I don't know what that is. I was in the underground too.
 it's a Berlin thing. Okay, so it's the references that
 in the countryside where people, as you know, from your horrible time in the 30s, a lot of support came from extreme views from out of the countryside. People don't see much and they say, well, I don't like these people.
 all these people, because they never come there. They never see them. So out in the countryside, that does not change the world.
 German, you know, you'll speak Germany, you won't speak any Italian. We know this, it's all genetics. The extremist, the extremist papers, the extremist people
 Well, we're all humans and I'm just a transvestite guy who's here talking rubbish. It's intelligent rubbish.
 was a king during the 300 years from William the Conqueror to Henry the Faith, when in England we had friends.
 religious language and everyone was writing it down and saying how it should be spelled. Anglo-Saxon English was
 It's not the young, I played Moscow, I played some Petersburg. That's not necessarily what Russia thinks, but it's what people encourage people who are against
 them in Russia that happened in Germany in the 30s. Germany got over that. We had it from that
 Mae'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd
 and what we get there. So it's okay. I mean, stuff happens, stuff goes backwards.
 has modest stillness and humility, but when the winds of war blow in I
 If you political communities have gone into politics, they prefer the freedom of being outside.
 but human does help in this because it makes things more light and you can put forward your positive points and then I suppose you take
 I believe there are some bad ones and you've had some bad ones and you've had some crappy ones.
 If there is a god fine just come down explain well, but to explain
 Then they say, well, what about the Muslim God? And then everyone's going to get so angry. I said, well, that's their God.
 Yn gweithio'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r
 I know a hell of a lot about military history. I know a lot about World War II. I know Norway was very involved and Sweden was less
 i'n gweithio'r yng Nghymru a'r gweithio'r yng Nghymru yng Nghymru a'r gweithio'r yng Nghymru a'r gweithio'r yng Nghymru a'r gweithio'r Nghymru a'r Nghymru a'r Nghymru a'r Nghymru a'r Nghymru a'r Nghymru a'r Nghymru a'r Nghymru a'r Nghymru a'r Nghymru a'r Nghymru a'r Nghymru a'r Nghymru a'r Nghymru a'r Nghymru a'r Nghymru a'r Nghymru a'r Nghymru a'r Nghymru a'r Nghymru a'r Nghymru a'r Nghymru a'r Nghymru a'r Nghymru a'r Nghymru a'r Nghymru a'r Nghymru a'r Nghymru a'r Nghymru a'r Nghymru a'r Nghymru a'r Nghymru a'r Nghymru a'r Nghymru a'r Nghymru a'r Nghymru a'r Nghymru a'r Nghymru a'r Nghymru a'r Nghymru a'r Nghymru a'r
 Mae'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r
 killing each other you know there was that the fight down in the Balkans and and that was hellish and that was a hellish war but we seem to be
 Anyway, you know because they didn't actually have the world but you know, but Sweden used to be a huge club Poland and Sweden
 Mae'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith
 is doing stuff on artists and the European television. It was very advanced. And me and my whole family, who were connoisseurs,
 You'll try to plant the apes, but in cows, but humans to apes, humans to apes.
 now he is going to be what's going to happen to Toby, me, and he's not going to be sitting around Eden
 I had a kid on the subway. This was a few months ago. He came up to me and he was all shy. I was like six or seven years old. You're the one who gets the bad guys.
 social media, but one of the reasons I'm not honest because I look at it enough already.
 a classic rock story. When I was 14 years old, I went for
 condition that I wasn't sure what it was and they just I walked in and I took a
 and I had it for a couple of years and it was used when I bought it and I never rotated the time.
 Toby knows a lot of stuff and he's a behaviorist of the group, so he's reading people and he's
 And, you know, our show, it's a big, fun, silly action show. So, you know, we've, as we've gone, now that we're in a third season, we've
 theoretical problems that could happen, but probably won't. Right now, we're doing a show called It's the Pits.
 It couldn't happen, it wouldn't happen, but it's fun to watch it maybe happen.
 Growing up in New York, a white castle was around. It was against the rules in my house.
 you know you want a classic rock story. When I was 14 years old I went for
 at that moment and I got to call this and you got it and I was like cool I don't know what it was.
 on stage and stand with Billy Idol while he sang all those parts.
 I haven't had a great time and where the show is
 have a lot of trouble fitting in in the world, have found each other. And then we get hired by Homeland Security to find solve all these problems and save humanity on a weekly basis, which we do your well.
 And, you know, I got really lucky with this that I was just having so much fun because we do like an action film.
 It got picked up and it's been doing really well. So I just have a great time doing it.
 So the show is loosely based on this guy's life and he does get hired to help the government and help private companies with a lot of problems.
 and solve it, but no, we mess a lot of stuff up, and it's a real heightened reality.
 and I think it's great for Monday nights that people really appreciate they go back to work and
 I love that movie and I got to be a part of something that made people laugh and took their minds off whatever problems
 one. I found out of it. Someone told me about this. I heard they're doing another American pie. And again, I was like, I think I had no
 And I was like, dude, it's not happening. And then I got to call it a day later that it was really happening. And the way they got that together was they wrote a great script.
 All in a part, over this season, a lot of relationships have been tested. The show has been getting bigger and bigger.
 Yeah, I mean we're I think the whole team is very worried about it as our Walter
 Starbucks or for a company like
 This is a guy with an astronomically high IQ and a ridiculous
 So yeah, you'd think that they'd be able to figure it out, but they can
 And look, we all know that the best therapist in the world has no idea what to do
 battle depression or anxiety. Do you know what to do? Start reaching out by visiting ActiveMinds.org.
 and I never once felt the need to put some
 I mean, you know, I think I think the meds have gotten in trouble a lot over
 to say it was a victory because they I mean I remember sitting here with you probably a year ago
 And I think I said something like, I think Wilmer Flores is going to have an exceptional year.
 It was a success and I think they exceeded expectations. I loved watching them go for it.
 go out, which was Terry's fault, which was not Matt Harvey's fault. It's Matt's job to say, I got to go out there and
 It's not Matt Harvey, who's your number one. Then a debate starts, you know, and then you got to pick one of them. Right. They're all incredible. They're all aces on any other team.
 The world is changing, Twitter is changing everything. So I want to see these guys go crazy.
 It's a show for, you know, have a crappy Monday, then come home and watch us.
 you were saying about Kobe, Piazza has nothing to do with it, right?
 and they all pack into the tight little backyard and I think they're crowded behind an above ground pool as well.
 And so, I mean, I was there as a kid, so that was 86.
 And also, when you're five years old and there's a player named Straw
 Because at this point, we just want the number one pick, right? So. Well, I actually don't know how it works. I mean, if you have the worst record in the NBA.
 to not sign them was the right move. But it just felt like giving the fans something and at that time that's all
 It was the right basketball move, but I'm looking for some love.
 And it's been amazing. I really lucked out. You know, I was psyched to get on a TV show and then I wound up on a really fun one.
 We're already a kind of thing because I remember when we're doing like oh they're doing another team movie because I think scream had come out and I think can hardly wait and
 And so we're like, oh, this is great. We're doing a movie. But then it became
 If it was a funny script, I mean, I didn't think they were gonna do a fourth one. When they did the fourth one, I heard about it. I was in an audition and someone said to me, hey man, they're making another American pie. And I was like, no, they're not.
 I can't play soccer at all, but the weirdest thing is, like, anyone can put anything on Wikipedia.
 going into the show and was like oh my god the show is so great everyone was really excited about it you know it's a really unique blend of comedy and action and procedural and
 you know, serialized romance stories. And we were excited that we had something special. But just like you said, there's so much
 I kind of had been in the earlier in my career. I played a lot of the best friends.
 the goofy neighbor, you know, so I was playing a lot of characters were kind of along the same lines as Joey from Friends and I was trying to make a transition into more leading man character type roles and so I was going through a
 of a dry spell in my career and I hadn't worked for
 It took a little while for me to convince the business that I could play something other than what I had been playing. So when I walked into the test at warehouse 13,
 I needed a job. I wanted a job. I just had my second baby, my second son had just been born like two weeks before that. I was staring the reality of not having a job or any money squarely in the face.
 There's two of each character when we walked in there was like seven or eight seven or eight Micah's and seven or eight pieces
 He just kind of go, oh, they have no idea what they want. We're just a number here and my chance of getting this job
 Micah's in the peets and going back and forth and going back and forth.
 It seemed to me that you could kind of tell, at least I could tell, who they were paying attention to. And then the guy that went in right before me, the director came out.
 Come here and he put his he put his arm around this guy and he walked down the hall with this guy and I was like
 with the regurgitated worm and give up the worm and I got no worm.
 Worm to give and I was actually saying that out loud
 natural. It's probably the worst part of being an actor other than not being able
 Craig Shepher and I'm like oh no no it's okay but then he goes hey Craig there's a guy over here it looks just like you and so then Craig Shepher comes
 Maybe somebody will look like me someday, because I got this new show warehouse.
 is normally look guys were overalls.
 and into your pants pockets. So there's no real pockets in the overall
 And who wants to, uh, who wants to hang around for waiting for your
 The show every week is kind of a mini movie. It's not too serialized, so if you miss an episode, you won't get completely lost.
 And for me what's great about the show is I have a couple of
 and the show doesn't talk down to the
 and the adults can both watch at the same time and both find something that interests them and something that they can relate to. It reminds me of the old days when they used to have the Walt Disney on Sunday night, the Disney movies on
 whole family would sit around and watch it like you know when Kurt Russell did the world's strongest man stuff like that
 We don't take ourselves too seriously, but at the same time, there's some great drama. It's our exec producer calls it a thriller omity.
 And that's why I think people should wash it, because I think everybody can relate to it.
 The artifacts in the warehouse are really just plot devices to get us to what the really show is that it's
 and 50% female viewership for a sci-fi show.
 time. Hi guys. Yeah, I mean, anytime someone has enough interest to fly you across the ocean and come to meet the fans of Warehouse 13, I say I'm doing something right. So yeah, I'm having a
 I've been to Australia. I've been here to the UK a few times to the MCMX.
 I've gone over to Paris a few times to do not cons but to do press and so I've been around.
 Well, there's a there's a con called dragon con in Atlanta where there's general
 five or six ojuras with no with bunless chaps on. So anytime you can see in ojura with bunless chaps, I say that's a good time right there.
 But if there had been some, I would have had
 You know, we kind of always roll our eyes at what's your favorite artifact or what's your favorite episode.
 No, I don't mind. My favorite artifact is Abraham Lincoln's hat, because Pete put it on and had an irresistible urge to free Mrs. Frederick.
 I thought that was a really just a good episode for the show. If you remember, it's part of the two-part finale from season three where we
 It made me feel a lot of pride for the show.
 I mean, the reason I like the show is that it has
 you know, it has action, it has horror, it has
 It has, I mean, it's all, it's all the genres kind of wrapped up into one.
 The kids can watch it too. It doesn't talk down to kids, but still the adults can watch it.
 You know, Pete's been sober for 13 years. I've also, I'm also sober 13 years. That's a, that's a good one. I love comic books.
 I was never a Marine. I was never a Marine, but I have a great deal of respect for anybody who
 But yeah, I think there's a ton of myself in that case.
 I don't know, a loose cannon. That was supposed to be there, but the funny stuff.
 You know, he's he's one of the funniest. I mean, he's one of the funniest smartest guys on the planet that I've ever met. So I think the success of the show is
 because of him and because of sci-fi's willingness to let him do what he wants to do on the show.
 And I'm actually kind of in production with George A. Romero. We just finished a script that we're trying to get made for a new dead movie called Road to the Dead.
 It's basically about, humans have now exploited zombies because that's what we do as humans.
 We exploit everything and we've taken the zombies and we've used them for our own entertainment. We've taught them to drive in kind of a death race where we watch them re-die.
 Thank you for giving me a career. Thank you for allowing me to have indoor plumbing at my house.
 The second most one that comes up is from bones. I did a four episode arc on bones as cell
 feet. But my hair was a lot different. Everybody bags on me about how my, that's the biggest
 And it's really a great episode.
 It's H.G. Wells is on the show this year and we find out that H.G. Wells is actually a woman.
 It was believed or H.G. Wells believed that people were more likely to believe that a man had written those stories than a woman. So she used a man's face, her brothers as her and wrote as H.G. Wells.
 and live as soldiers and train them.
 Television, I mean that's to me what it's all about so to be able to do something like that would be
 No, we haven't we haven't gotten the official green light from sci-fi on season three, but I mean it's pretty much
 that I thought for me would be my favorite is to have Janice Joplin's backstage pass from Woodstock and whoever holds that backstage pass can travel through time to any concert that has ever been that they want to go to so I could go to see Led Zeppelin
 beetles, the doors, black Sabbath, CCR, the band, the yard bird,
 My favorite music that I grew up on that my dad exposed me
 Now I understand. Now I understand why you're
 his new show written by Hart Hansen who created bones and that'll be on in November and then other than that
 I was skiing with my family, and my manager was like, there's this roll on cabinets.
 met my wife before she was my wife. I met this girl and she was
 No, no, no. You wrote about you wrote that on Twitter recently.
 It's a way to get back to them. You know, I mean, people look at it and they're like, well, you're going to
 people come here, they save their money, they spend their money because they want to spend money on the things
 It just be a guy, a normal guy.
 for the initial audition, I just played it as myself because if I got the job, I just have to go to work and be myself.
 One of them being that everybody can watch the show, it's not just
 But yeah, I mean I like I like DC
 cups and roses around there, but we certainly love each other and we
 No, the question that then comes up is people say, are you going to do a second trilogy?
 I think we Joe really well actually and and actually you know this script was the first time we've written together for quite a few years I think sort of
 And just trying to think, I guess I was probably that sort of five years since we were in Hot Fathers. When we had the story idea on the Hot Fathers press tour in like 2007,
 It was. It was at Sydney Airport. It was when we were landing from Wellington to Sydney. And I still had the idea on the plane. And I was thinking about the script that I'd written when I was 21 about teenagers on a pub crawl, which I'd never done anything with. And I didn't necessarily want to make that film now. But I thought, well, maybe there's something in them being adults and
 You know, there's richer potential in the themes that me and Simon keep coming back to about Perpetual Adolescent and what if like there's one guy that really wants to do this pub crawl again and the other four aren't that fast?
 you know, forcibly regresses them or hell breaks loose. So I've mentioned that idea to Simon and then we immediately kind of like sort of started hashing out the story.
 But then when we came to write it, like years later, it was good. We both had a break. We'd both done a lot of other projects. And it just came out very fluidly, because we'd had a lot of time to think about it.
 in the memory, like it didn't need any more hangovers and stuff. But I, yeah, I done one when I was 19, which is where the original script came from, which was a disaster. And then in my late 20s or mid 20s, maybe after space and before Sean, me and Simon and Nick ended up in my hometown and we tried to do it again and that went even worse.
 So I think sort of then then it started to really strike me that this was like a
 pathetic sort of like attempt to recapture teenage glue
 came from really and then the sort of the idea of the blue kind of ink inside is because when I was a kid
 Reminding me of schools. I wanted to make the actors all feel that they were back at school again by covering their hands with it
 I didn't even tell Empower and London Laya sort of but here's the thing is I get very superstitious about like sort of talking about things before they're done because I
 to be the boy who cried wolf and you know talk about something if it doesn't you know I mean it will happen yeah but it's I feel very jinxy talking
 addressing you know based on the fact that the character is like grown up through this kind of pop culture and that he is like living his life
 big daydream. I still see the film is like a big daydream is it. Scott Pilgrim is like a
 character who's in this kind of you know sort of perpetual adolescence and hasn't really grown up yet and he's living his life through the media that he consumes and what the film is about at the end of the century is about him kind of growing up
 So I won't go into that too much because it's also something I haven't worked on that for two years. I have worked on this film solidly for two years, so the last time I actually did anything work on Ant-Man
 Eight weeks before I started in Scott Pilgrim, and I wasn't around during the shoot with Tull, which was an enormous bummer. Because I basically worked on a film with Steven Spielberg and Peter Jackson, and then I wasn't actually around to be on the set at all.
 the boat, like to actually watch that all in action. But in the case of that one, I didn't try and graph my own personality and we just tried to be true to her day.
 you have to watch anything before the new one I would hope all three movies are standalone
 Brian Forbes, the Stepford Wives, and very Brian Forbes in 1975.
 I like to think that me and Simon and Nick would work together again.
 It was six years to talk to us and we really
 sort of moved everything else away so that we can make this one and before it is too late.
 He does these incredible vocal warmups just before a take, which is something to win this.
 I actually, there's quite a few zombie things I have not seen.
 books, comics, films, games. There's a certain part of me that kind of felt like I'd sort of
 King my win because I'm not sure that he'd fight entirely fair.
 is amazing and Brian's ending is great and I don't think they really
 We knew it was going to be something slightly different, and Brian actually was involved in writing the final scene, we actually.
 involved in it and he was very happy with the idea that he would diverge.
 I think because Scott Pilgrim, like touched on a number of genres, like action comedy, romance, fantasy
 Like action it was always gonna be a slightly harder sell and I think you know like
 I think it wasn't because it wasn't completely generic, like sometimes people would just want like
 I have no idea what that is. So I think it's just down to sort of if you're trying to do something slightly different, you just gotta work twice as hard.
 and it was a tough film to kind of like so it's playing so I think that's the
 But on the flip side of it like I was very proud of the movie
 winner ever and but we all were very proud of this show
 and we just had sort of faith in it and then it eventually found its audience on DVD. So I sort of went through the same thing on Scott Pilgrim. I just had faith in what I'd made and then it would get out there and I feel that
 Films that are massive, massive hits kind of like do their couple of months at the cinema and then never get seen on the big screen ever again.
 see them ever again. And what's really nice is that Scott Pilgrim, like somewhere in the world, is playing like a
 you know like the Prince Charles show all the time and like the new Beverly and Los Angeles and I like that I think that that makes me very happy that people are still seeing it with a crowd you know and also that it's
 Now, I think I already got all of that out of my system in the Scott program. I feel that, and this might be controversial to say, and maybe Duncan Jones with World of Warcraft has demands to beat it, but there has never been a good video game film. And I think so far, and the reason for that is, is it's just like
 standing you in the face is that a video game is like a sort of a unique experience to you you are playing the game and just like watching somebody are
 My answer is there is no game that I would like to adapt. Maybe rampage.
 being so kind of impassioned about light tools, what the character
 Chris Nolan's Batman is very different to Tim Burns's Batman, which is very different to Adam West's Batman, and there's room for all three.
 No, I don't really read too much other stuff to get sent my way.
 But for some reason, I read this one, and I could see straight away why they'd given it to me. And actually, I think I read the first book, Concubine Hothel, hadn't come out yet, actually. Think about that.
 He was just off to show the dead and and just reading it if anything actually reminded me a bit of space
 Mae'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd
 Mae'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd
 Yn yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw
 But it's got a sort of a sort of like magical feel to it in a world where anything
 Mae'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd
 you know, a license to let my imagination run riot a little bit. And I think that's what's kind of like, that's fun and fresh about it, like, um, so, um,
 Mae'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith
 Raising Dettra of the whole piece is that you're essentially seeing the film that's playing in Scott Pilgrim's head. And the Scott Pilgrim is a character in his early 20s who has grown up on Sadie Morning Cartier.
 Yn gweithio i'n gweithio i'n gweithio i'n gweithio i'n gweithio i'n gweithio i'n gweithio i'n gweithio i'n gweithio i'n gweithio i'n gweithio i'n gweithio i'n gweithio i'n gweithio i'n gweithio i'n gweithio i'n gweithio i'n gweithio i'n gweithio i'n gweithio i'n gweithio i'n gweithio i'n gweithio i'n gweithio i'n gweithio i'n gweithio i'n gweithio i'n gweithio i'n gweithio i'n gweithio i'n gweithio i'n gweithio i'n gweithio i'n gweithio i'n gweithio i'n gweithio i'n gweithio i'n gweithio i'n gweithio i'n gweithio i'n gweithio i'n gweithio i'n gweithio i'n gweithio i'n gweithio i'n gweithio i'n gweithio i'n gweithio i'n gweithio i'n gweithio i'n gweithio i'n gweithio
 Yeah, I know, but I definitely was that kid at school. When I was at school, I was comprehensive. I was short-sighted. I didn't know I was short-sighted until I was 20. And as such, I would frequently look at the window in classes, because I couldn't see the blackboard properly.
 Mae'n gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r
 You know, Scoprim was a character who was 22, but sometimes he acts like a 12-year-old. And I can definitely empathise with him.
 was around. So the sculptor is an interesting character because he's got a flawed hero. You get the feeling that he kind of
 Mae'n gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r
 Yes and no, it was a pretty organic process. I mean, we had a structure worked out as far back as 2005.
 new material as it kind of came together. Brian, when we first started, we had three books and
 and then it kept developing, right up till shooting. So even the sixth book we knew how it was going to end and then we even decided
 i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith
 Like what we did, like the world's end is a real pub name in fact there is like several in the UK. There's one in particular that me and Simon use
 I'll see you at the world's end. I'll meet you at the world's end.
 to illustrate what was happening in each one. So we wanted them to feel like tarot cards. It's like the name of the pug tells you
 It's like film is a visual medium, so if you're looking at the ground, you may as well be at the theatre.
 is literally represent kind of like that lots of identity is like this sort of like a
 I think with this, it was definitely like so, because it was the culmination of Sean and Hot Fires, which were all genre films.
 You know what, my script didn't feature that at all, so it wasn't a problem for me.
 you would want the audience to see it as the journalism which is cold so why would you want to spoil it for
 I think it's just it's pretty obvious is that you want people to see it live
 Like sort of juvenile antics. So it was a sort of a film about about regression and about the perils of like nostalgia and like how it's dangerous to go backwards and like how you can never go home again So we thought like you know, we both mean Simon are from like small towns and came to London So whenever we go back, it's always a strange and sometimes bittersweet experience and we thought that was a great kind of like template for a sci-fi parent
 Absolutely. No, I would never rule anything out. It's definitely... I don't know why people would think it was a good buy to the UK. In fact, you know, I had a blast making this film and it was...
 because I haven't really started on it, so I don't have a lot to discuss.
 and even to the point where there's the big, kind of sonic face-off between two bands.
 is in the summer of 2008, I asked Nigel Goddrich to get involved in the film.
 It's the first score he's ever done, but prior to that, way before, like, 18 months before, we started to get the artists together to portray the different bands.
 Hollywood song in the film, why doesn't Dan do that? And so he did the Patel number Cornelius, who I'm a huge fan of.
 Here's sex bomb playing was designed in the title seems to be a lot shorter the title was was was really short and then we actually expanded the title seems
 the opening song changed. One of the songs was going to be on the end credits. Nigel sort of said, oh, you can't say that song on the end credits. Surely that should be the one.
 you're shooting and thinking this has great you know really should so it went far away from the original idea of hearing or not hearing the song
 it it feels in that respect you know does start to feel like like a more like a 70s film like fans would
 In the case of this one, it was something where the genre, like a lot of sci-fi movies, the genre came out of a manifestation of the fear in a way. And the movie is about people returning to that hometown and realizing that time has marched on without them. And Simon's character is a man who's 40, who wants to be 18 again, so the kind of the actual
 The aliens in the movie essentially represent the kind of that fear of change and that loss of identity So this sort of the things came together. It's actually like I literally like When I was like in my mid 20s when I saw we used to go back to my hometown every like kind of like holidays like
 I would like sort of get increasingly kind of like sort of bemused by the fact like, oh, like nobody remembers me, like none of the bartenders remember me. The school bully doesn't remember me. It's not so much that I never left, it's like I was never here. And I remember saying to a friend of mine, like way back, I said, every time I go back to my hometown, it feels like invasion of the body.
 down. So like little ideas like that like stick is like okay you can never go home again you feel 80
 a bigger reason and in the movie like sort of like so all of these things that came together it's like we wanted to do a movie about kind of like
 The dangers of nostalgia and like a man trying to turn back the clock and you know, but then even just the thing of like a homecoming is that sort of like
 effect of it is as much a coping strategy for me and Simon is for Gary King. There is a scene in the movie where he finds out that something is a foot and he is happy when he is talking
 He's can accept that more readily than the idea that he's getting older like this
 He's not as big a legend as he thinks he is and that the town wasn't all it was cracked up to be anyway So I think in this particular case it was something like this is the story which is like sort of like the sci-fi is a manifestation
 something's a foot and he's happy when he's talking about him and the reason he's happy is he's
 He's can accept that more readily than the idea that he's getting older like this
 He's not as big a legend as he thinks he is and that the town wasn't all it was cracked up to be anyway So I think in this particular case it was something like this is the
 Because it's like a satire and stuff we draw a very sharp line in the sand at the end
 with the drunk humans, you only have one choice. There is no middle ground, but what the movie is about is the
 You know like that our hero like Simon's character is extremely flawed and is like makes a lot of bad decisions and does some terrible things You know like and he's very questionable like in his motives a lot of the time and yet when it comes down to it is that what makes this human is like the fact that we are flawed and make mistakes the key is can you learn from your mistakes? So that we wanted to make something which like sort of like You know, it has this kind of like big sort of philosophical sci-fi climax, but with drunk people
 plans other than that we'd like to work together and like I think the thing is like sort of like and we're very proud that we did this third movie and as much as fans want us to do another one we wanted to do another one you know but the the other thing is that the sort of that maybe fans don't know is how hard it is to get these movies made so like you know if you want us to do in that film
 specific criteria for these movies is that they're all like genre films that are really like Trojan horses for relationship movies.
 they're all about like perpetual adolescence, loss of identity, the individual versus the collective. They're all about growing up.
 theme so I think that means if we did another film together we might do something
 This is all three of the movie's health fast shorn and this one they all have endings that like
 going for a sci-fi film. I like the film, Saul Bass's film, Phase 4, which is about
 and it's really spooky, it's kind of like a mix
 super macro lenses. So it's a really spooky film. Good performance is really great photography. I watched it on TV when I was a little kid and then later finally come back
 Spanish director who only did one other film which is also a lesser
 but it's about a couple that go to a Spanish island where kids have taken over. The kids don't say anything and it's kind of like, it's like the birds with little kids and it's particularly like grim and spooky
 It was also known in the 70s as Island of the Damned and both films by that director.
 There's really worth watching. It's by the same team that did
 charity event in this village which then gets taken over by terrorists. So then the Olympic
 is so much fun. Born to fight. I highly recommend it. I've been trying to get hold of a print of it because I want to show it to an audience because I watched on DVD and it's just
 obscure but it was for quite a while quite difficult to get hold of is Dario Argento's four flies on Grave Albert which is I think
 And then the title itself, I probably shouldn't tell you what the title refers to because it kind of gives away the
 is like a great warm up to that, basically. So that's a little bit more, a little
 in preparations for hotfires called live like a cop, die like a man.
 And then there's this acoustic duo who are singing sort of sappy
 in this kind of hippie wasteland and it's one of those films it has like it has big dance numbers in it it's got sort of quite a big budget but like amazing bizarre design the choreographer
 And then years later I ran into him in an L.A. and he remembered me and said, hey, how's it going? You're watching your friends, I said, you didn't tell me about the apple.
 I want to know all about the Apple. That's definitely worth watching. It has an amazing ending where it looks like they run out of money or something happened where she just says it's getting to what should be its third act. The film abruptly stops with an intervention by God. Literally like in one scene, one of the characters says Mr. Topps is coming and Mr. Topps sends that to be
 You would watch it and you kind of think this is so cruel. This is like a sort of an extreme prank
 over the prank. So I would say like some people who watch it say oh this film is so cruel and yet there are some amazingly funny bits in it. It's definitely can get on DVD. I'm not sure if I saw it yet, probably, so they do festivals but it's called Windy City Heat and it's
 I would recommend it. I would necessarily condone it. I would never make the movie myself.
 like his French film Point Blank, which I presume is called something else in France.
 You can get it on a BFI DVD and it's actually a short.
 and basically they all die horribly and when each one dies
 I didn't know what the title of it was, I missed the title and then much later I found it was called a Patchies and is directed by John McKenzie. And it's on a BFI DVD called Like Stop Looking Listen, one of those.
 a little known 1995 film called The Fist for the Fingers. It was directed by Edgar Howard Wright. He was 20 at the
 You might look out for a young fresh phase 20-year-old actor, Edgar Wright, who appears in one scene before briefly getting shot. It also features Jerry Beetle, RIP, true, Jerry Viddler is in the movie.
 I believe the director had to make it like pad it out to get to 78 minutes.
 Well, one, thank you for not asking an admin question and be it knows true I am developing a horror movie It's funny because people always ask me if I'm ever gonna do a film of don't and a I wouldn't because I think you've already seen the funniest version of that and be I want to do a straight horror movie and I have this idea for like I guess it's like doing in like an English Jalota movie I really like those kind of dreamy like seven
 get right and this is a hastily written list of my favourite films of 2013 but with a disclaimer because it's what the 26th and November and there are a lot of awards you films that come out in the last couple of months of the year that I have not yet seen so this does not include the following films because I have
 great film short term 12 with Brie Larson who I
 Woody Allen's Blue Jasmine, I saw that twice and an amazing
 favorite film of the year. Another film is quite divisive but I loved it is Harmony Karin Spring Breakers which I
 from the year, which I've seen twice on the big screen, would plan to see a third time at the Alphonse of Cron's Gravity, which I think is extraordinary, and I recommend
 I can't quite believe it, either, actually, it was like, because it actually was a very pleased with the end result, but I found
 you know, how do we do it in 12 weeks with all the fight scenes? And I said, well, you know, the tradeoff is to get to shoot like
 going to happen. And then we tried, once we had what the scene was, we tried to
 Sydney and I was sitting on the plane and I think it was around the time that Super Bear was about to come out and I was thinking about that film and the
 I see myself in Gary King a little bit as well and I sort of think sort of like that you've got to have sympathy for your characters because even though the character, like the sound players, is like a walking car crash of a man, you know, he's still like, he hits rock bottom but he still kind of rises up to be a hero. That's important is that you've got to kind of like, we don't write characters that we don't have any
 that two weeks ago, so it still feels pretty fresh to me.
 And it's always funny when people watch a new film and they say so what's next I said why don't you just watch this
 We literally just finished it like at least least hold up to like about three or four
 So I feel I feel I feel very nice in terms of life
 film that make me quite kind of like emotional or just watching them in a way because
 You know, I think in a similar way to Sean, it gets kind of, as well as it being like, funny and action packed. It gets kind of a bit deeper, emotionally sometimes.
 friends who have a rift and I think a lot of people have that experience of like sort of the people that you thought when you were 19 you were going to be best friends with forever maybe you're not as close anymore and it's really a film about
 Well, the the theme of nostalgia in the movie is obviously very strong. It's almost like it's Gary's worst enemy if anything the villain of the piece in the movie is nostalgia because like Simon's character Gary came
 it's convinced that he wants to relive his 1990 glory days and it's that thing of that you should be careful what you wish for because when they do attempt to recreate it things go badly wrong and also
 you know what the film is about is that sort of the difference between your kind of like rose tinted like sort of memory of the past and the reality of it and so and then once you add alcohol into the mix it becomes like this kind of like time machine sending you back to being teenagers again. So it's definitely the whole film is like a bit of a
 in terms of like the other actors in it it was definitely important to us that it wasn't so much about well this a couple of things you're right about space is that the one person from space you hadn't been in any
 and we had written a role for him in showing the deadress, then got cut out. He didn't shoot it, we just cut it out of the script.
 And then we want to also make sure that the people who were in the first two movies, one and two like Hoffa's and Sean would also be in this one.
 I think it's because I grew up in a small town in England, you know, like wells in Samuset where I grew up is very pretty
 so as a result I feel like sort of like most of the films I've made have some larger form of escapism in them in terms of in space is no different about like here's my Monday
 And this is different in a way in terms of it's actually sort of like, you know, the start of the movie.
 epic night as being like the sort of the most action-packed night ever and then the irony is when he tries to recreate it it really becomes
 It only really comes to challenging when it comes into marketing and stuff because I think if you had to cut together a trailer that said it was just about friends drinking in the pub then I think a 20th of the audience would go
 So you have to at least hint that there's going to be some kind of like sort of you know like big scale kind of action and special effects so there's lots of there's lots of things that aren't in the trailer that we have kind of kept to ourselves but you know you've got to put enough action and special effects into the trailer so people will come
 So it was that there was there anything you had to cut out and I was thinking well not really I think we kind of went we went for it. I mean my main thing I definitely though what I mean is the
 you know, it makes it very kind of like a challenging to kind of try and make it
 as it is. So I kind of feel like that as a film fan. I sometimes I watch some summer films which you hear about that cost like two hundred million and you watch it and you're going, where did it go? Why do they spend it all on that one
 something and so I'm you know like with this film I just thinking I just wanted to make sure that
 like some people would it's the same way that some girls don't like being called cute it's like oh you're really cute say I don't like that word there's the same way that some guys are saying oh you're so nice it's like I want to be nice I want to be like I want to be a terrible
 Some of that stuff is the wetter boys.
 Make the plot and the characters work so some of the kind of snowy stuff and some of the references like say the kind of you know the crab with gold
 I was wondering if they had opened it in the match at the end, but a lot of that stuff is the wizard of wetter, kind of putting tint and references into the corner of every frame. I guess the sort of if there's a favorite one, I think Herge drawing, tint and portrait right at the start.
 Felly, mae'n gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r
 maybe is like a pantomime Thompson. I could be one of the Thompson's and have like a mannequin next to me as another
 Where's Matt Carter now? One direction of the biggest. We're going to go down to earth and take over.
 firey stars and the aliens all bow down and then you just have to pretend to be Harry Star
 I would be stuck on that line in Interfegas Square and I would know that particular issue of time
 It would mean nothing anymore, because I'd just be on that lion, that'd be my little, kind of, the little sort of safe haven that's going to last for, like, 72 hours. And then I would probably give myself up to the zombies. I'd be so, like, hungry.
 service is mostly comedic actors and then the rest of the village of Sanford are played by real
 living legends and proper like thefts so that was fun to do and it was you know to have those people in a big
 yng Nghymru'r ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch
 Yn gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r
 The Lama is actually called Dalai Lama and is actually owned by the director and the writer of
 I remember Johnny Depp having to talk about how he takes risks and chances in having to create a character.
 This might work or might not, you know, when we played Jack Sparrow.
 When I did Napoleon and I played Pedro Sanchez, I put Bustard Keaton and my ex-girlfriend's dog together. And I thought, okay, maybe this is my work, but when I met John here as Napoleon,
 the choices that I made and with the help and the propagandist and the director.
 sometimes in films you see a lot of the actors and they're always playing the same type of character but that's who they really are and that's great
 Yeah, that's fun too, you know, but I read a lot. I'm at home watching Brando Flick.
 you know, from Farman, Marlon Brando, to Berkondromontoban, to Roll, Julia. You know, even the actors of my generation, you watch Heath Ledger, and you can watch his
 And Pedro, he's such a character that's loved by so many fans, you know. And because of film, it's such a wonderful story. You know, we're families can sit together and enjoy, from coast to coast, or from all over the world, actually. And that's great. You know, my friend sent me a picture from Israel that there was a science in both for Pedro. And it was like, somebody has spray painted on the wall, my face. And I felt like, wow.
 So, so even now, after seven years, when people approached me, people are nervous and scared and they want to hug me, they're like, oh my god, your bedroom, like, oh my god, yeah, sure.
 I'm lucky to play a character that people love as opposed to playing the villain where I don't want to get, you know,
 You know, and you embrace it, you go, hi, I do. And they're like, okay, what's your real name?
 And the animated series, you get to explore not only Napoleon and the world, but every single character.
 Every episode you get to see different skills. There's an episode where you see Pedro and he's seeing there's any plays guitar and I thought well all right they go can you do it?
 There's ghosts. People can blow up, you know, the world could go on fire.
 but because it's so packed and it's so flip and hot, so I'm like,
 And it took one guy to say, Pedro, and I got from Barton's form. It was cool, but it was just weird.
 No, I got bombarded in the form. It was cool, but it was just weird.
 OK, hey, get out of the way, punk. So, but the security had to show up and they had to pull my best run I mean.
 Still all these years later and I mean they're fans and it's comic cons so you can bombard them no matter what
 You know, as actors, but when the movie blew up as it did, we're going
 I would say that even after having to do a panel and we were sending autographs for hours, there was still a huge line.
 For me being able to send as many regards as possible whatever wherever they wanted because they're I mean, they're it's kind of a kind of die-hard
 grateful of having to see that. You know, because you're thinking, wow, this movie came out seven years ago. It's another fact that we're going to be a part of not only are we animated, and I'm only going to animate the animated series, but it's part of animation domination. Yeah. You're going, this is, we're in good hands.
 Comic Con itself, I remember John here having to talk about how he, as of the panel, he was walking to Comic Con and he got bombarded.
 the steam punk. And at the time, I was like, they're the dead. I painted my face. People were bumping into me going, hey, get out of the way, punk, witches.
 Which is common behavior. Yeah, I just felt bad for those people who are in those suits because
 Yeah, as a matter of fact, I would like to see my character cross over to the Simpsons and then over to
 I did an episode of American Dad, actually. I played one of the girls of Boyfriends, and the whole gang there. I mean, everybody, even with the Fox family,
 So, you know, I always worry about other studios because I know they want to get to the animation domination.
 I'm in all the episodes and I think one of my favorites
 I would say, well, there's two of them. There's Thunder Kong, where you can see Napoleon's fighting skills.
 How we go about that and then there's the other one where it becomes Liger Town where all the Liger
 Animals can talk, ghosts can happen, people can blow up my head to blow up and it's okay.
 And they explained to me about what it was about and how you wanted to start it up.
 That could help guide me to the direction I was going. You know, I think for anybody who's starting
 If they could have something out there, they could give them some upper guidance to
 I have some knowledge and with that knowledge I take on and move forward into my own endeavors. But for somebody who's starting out with your painter and musician or an actor, director or writer, I think they have to do with the arts.
 that there are people there, you know, that they care about the world.
 Sometimes it could be a lonely road. You know, we need somebody who can say, you know what? Keep doing it. This is the right direction.
 big tools to get you from point A to point B. So something like the SAP
 Well, I'm actually working on a show called the Span and Down for HBO with Danny McBride and Stephen Little and Will Farrell. So, but I'm here actually to support the Sinisterle Film Festival. I got one of the films called Pants on
 That's right. And there's actually several other films. They've got a film from Argentina that's going to be airing tonight.
 And then there's several workshops. There's a workshop that's been done by Arlene who's actually in Grey's Anatomy where she talked about making it in Hollywood. And for those of you guys who are really interested in being in the business, I think it's a great
 to not only hear it from an actress, but to hear her perspective, because I believe she's from this town.
 the glam life and the Hollywood life where you want to talk about going to the parties and mean directors, but and that's great. But the truth is it starts off in your college or it starts up with community where you
 these short films to independent films and grow on to making big future films. But it's a quality of work and a lot of people think about just writing something and throwing it
 I think it's really sitting down with great mentors who understand the business and understand the art. And if you put those two together and really create something great, then it will be big. I could put my soul into that.
 So one of my nerdy geeky thorns is the fact that I am truly a big fan
 And besides, it's a comedy and many people watch generations to sit down watching and enjoy.
 You just like the impact of words you you you you would hope that any work you do will
 But just because she's a personality actress, you know, she's an entertainer. And this role was tailored for her where she gets to play.
 she said for your home, your house will be part of it. I'll get you towels and she hasn't got me towels yet.
 I love you I really did and I said and I remember when you said I'm not gonna vote
 You know what, I understand, but here's my reason. When I was up on stage, I'm rapping.
 And then some of the lyrics had a lot of bad words and the studios couldn't tell me
 We're here at FedExpo 2014 or 2014.
 Well, I was riding a mule at the time, but it was grand canyon. And then I met this guy with big glasses and a big brawl.
1? 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1
 Who'd have known that the mafia might take a blow so big?
 When you go to the events, for instance, some like this, they've been able to see not only the action figures, but you see the plus dolls and the bubble heads. I mean, for the t-shirts of the book, they go to the hats, the wristband.
 You guys say if you vote for me all of your wildest dreams of control, but you got to stand with a you get a raise your raise it one octave
 That's it, but I'm no secret man. I just like to keep it real and
 with their extra-nabical pig, otherwise known as Darren. When the two of them got together, they've just spent their whole lives together. They've never really grown up. They're just like kids. Really excited. They do the same things they've always done. They don't let the outside world in.
 they're just in their own little world and completely unaware of anything else that's going on. There's a lot of energy to both of them.
 Mae'n gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r
 mad than she is but he never gets to express that because she's always there to bring him back to kind of reality in a way. She's also a lot deeper than like more in touch with her feelings and
 but he's just, you know, everything's just kind of black and white. So it's kind of hard to talk about the character's separate because they're so close together. Do you know what I mean?
 kind of routine, they play the same games, they have these role plays that they play the whole time.
 We're just like the games that kids will play. We play that game again. Yeah, okay, and they're into the game, you know, and you grow a way to that as you go.
 of their world, and when they get to the palace, it's going to be amazing.
 King and Queen of their world. So I think that Runt knows she will get to the palace eventually.
 I just found it really strange, but then after that I got into us and just completely fell in love with it and yeah, like I'm a complete sucker for it
 There's a big difference to this one. The base of it is a complete love story.
 It's it gets very dark and it gets really interesting in that way and because
 reflects a lot of relationships in the sense that, you know, when you first meet someone, your relationship keeps growing and growing, whatever relationship it is, like, especially like with a boy girl, and when you get past a certain stage, if you're not prepared to keep changing with the relationship, if one person says the same, you know what I mean? If they don't change together,
 It's gonna end. One person might want what the other one doesn't and that happens all the time and then
 and as well because it's so intense and it is unhealthy because they haven't developed properly
 She can see her even when she's reading back over, you know, with the sides, you know, for doing the scene, and she's kind of thinking of maybe to add something else to it.
 I don't think it's a matter of age, it's just a matter of understanding.
 I don't know, once you can feel the story, because a lot of people would read us and just knock at it at all because of the way it's written, and then you need to see it performed, whereas other people
 I'm Elaine Cassidy and I play Lucy Honey Church.
 love-ish and she's quite, yeah, experimental. I suppose, yeah, Lucy, she comes from a family
 John Wakefield and she hasn't been back to the island in that time, so the only thing that brings her back is her friendship for Henry. There's no way she's going to miss that wedding, so that shows how strong they're
 So she has to face a lot of past issues that she hasn't dealt with that she's kind of ran away from.
 Mae'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r
 I mean, to be honest, I don't know what to expect.
 Pleasantly surprised and entertained.
 I think she should know exactly what's going on and where we are in the story.
 to just take each situation as it happens and when people are talking it's like I understand what's going on but Lydia doesn't so just to go, I don't like when they talk about all this because it confuses me and it reminds me that
 Mae'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n
 Angela Robel, otherwise known as Kelly, she's Adolf's half niece because her mom is his half sister.
 you know, if they walked into a restaurant and everyone would stop and stare. And I think she quite enjoyed that. So in the beginning of their relationship, it was a lot of fun, a lot of excitement, living with her famous uncle, you know, and coming from a poor family. So she got
 and time with that character so I got to know Gellie really well and every day you spent time with her they seemed to be freaky but so
 just because she's so full of life and it was just a real, it was just like being a rain sunshine every day. It was just so refreshing to be a rainder. But then towards the end of film and
 We had quite difficult scenes to do, Canon myself. And they got quite intense. And for the first time ever, I wanted to escape a character.
 Um, you know, you couldn't just sight read them and just go, oh yeah!
 an easy scene and they had to be quite well worked but with Nick the director who's absolutely brilliant and with Ken I just you know we blocked the scene and then because he's just so brilliant it just the scene would kind of move to another level in such a short space of time.
 so slight and I suppose you could just read it you know once read it one way and then another time read it another way and Nick was brilliant because he pinpointed moments and we tried it a few different ways and so in each scene you just you felt
 should be international. You know when someone has a story to tell it's universal generally and it is interesting to think that your voice might be dubbed you know and I've listened to it before when I was on a plane once and there was a film that I
 Mae'n gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r
 and why not let the world see us. So to come to this event, to showcase the great drama that the BBC do, because they've been doing it for a hell of a long time, and it's great that other countries have the opportunity to purchase it and then
 known as Kelly. She's Adolf's half niece because her mom is his half
 everyone would stop and stare. And I think she quite enjoyed that. So in the beginning of their relationship, it was a lot of fun, a lot of excitement, living with her famous uncle, you know, and coming from a poor family. So she got
 and time with that character so I got to know Gellie really well and every day you spent time with her they seemed to be freaky but so
 just because she's so full of life and it was just a real, it was just like being around sunshine every day, it was just so refreshing to be a rainder. But then towards the end of film and we had quite difficult scenes to do, Canon myself and they got quite intense and for the first time ever I wanted to escape a character.
 Um, you know, you couldn't just sight read them and just go, oh yes.
 easy scene and they had to be quite well worked but with Nick the director who's absolutely brilliant and with Ken we blocked the scene and then because he's just so brilliant just the scene would kind of move to another level in such a short space of time.
 so slight and I suppose you could just read it you know once read it one way and then another time read it another way and Nick was brilliant because he pinpointed moments and we tried it a few different ways and so in each scene you just you felt like you were doing a work
 three. John Wakefield went on a killing rampage and killed six people and her mom was one of the six. So her relationship with her dad
 diminishes and he sends her to LA to her grandmothers.
 tried to get on top of it all, and she has run away from a lot of things. The relationship with her dad, she hasn't spoken to him in all that time.
 and how the characters interact and then how the events kind of turn out and how they react to those events, then that kind of came
 Well, yeah, that's when then people can do pools and decide who they think the killer is and why and I mean the amount of conversations we had because
 Well, I think different people will get different things from it, and I think they throw a lot of things out there.
 the beginning to make you kind of confused as to what's going on. But, um, but yeah, I mean, you know, we were just, we'd get a script and then we'd be eager for the next one and we're like,
 I suppose it's it's most similar to reality shows, you know what I mean? Because it was originally pitched as that and it's and and and the way it was shot, you know, everything was
 much better great-grandmother. I mean about her mother and the only kind of raw model of a woman that she has is a great-grandmother. So I think that's why she's a bit, that's why she's so naive and innocent and a bit kind of backwards
 She's never kissed a boy and like, you know, her friends have what she hasn't.
 Because the only woman she has is two generations. I'll do that. And she meets, so when she meets Johnny,
 through, it's a different story. So when he goes away, she finds out she's pregnant four months later and tells her dad and her dad, like he loves her so much, but he just, he's so annoyed that, you know, it's against a religion and
 all that so she kind of feels that she has to go and find Johnny to make everything okay and she goes over to Bram and him to find them but it's harder than what she thinks she
 because she takes everyone on base value. Also, when she tells them that she's pregnant
 and you know, wishing that maybe her father had reacted like that instead. So it's kind of like she's seen the bits of her father and that her father
 he's not bad to her. You know what I mean? He just has his way of bringing her up.
 So then I was going to get myself into the frame and mind of her because she's quite different to me.
 If I had an idea, I wanted to change.
 Mae'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r
 He wants something more so he'll just say a few keywords and then it gets you back on track kind of and he's really good
 So it was created by written by, starring, executive produced by, directed some, wrote some of the music, all by Dennis Lee.
 So I play his love interest and his backup singer and percussionist.
 So back in the day when this was happening, there were four of us living together, three women and Dennis's character, Johnny Rock.
 for sure and then you know now present day he has a daughter show up that none of us knew he had and she wants to be famous and we're like yeah right let's just
 has money. So she has money. Yeah. And then it turns out she's actually Uber talented.
 And Dennis is so, he's such a sport about really just the self-deprecation.
 Well, he he describes it as he created the show based on some guys who who didn't quite make it, you know, and thought that that was sort of more interesting. Yeah, and that side of it. So there are
 in the show whose characters did make it and then but he didn't so it's that you know Monday morning armchair
 And even more than that, I think it's relatable to anybody who has a family.
 And you know, if you're a human, you come from some form of dysfunction. And that's really what this show is about is kind of one big dysfunction.
 Take it from somebody who got their molars very early in life. Being in love is a fantastic mystery that takes
 and beautiful is not a crime, you know. And for your 4-1-1, I adore your father.
 I hate to break it to you, Angel, but you are no longer the only girl in Nick Parker's life.
 Well, I'm on the host committee for Stars for Stripes, and I'm a big animal advocate, so I'm right at home with this. I've worked with Katie.
 for and then a documentary that she has in the works and then I am on the board of several
 And I know that's not the most appetizing sound bite here, but um
 It's Katie's project and I don't know where things are you know with it I just know that I was one of several experts that she interviewed about Sort of animal rights and and what's happening with them and particularly with Spain
 Oh my gosh, a lot. Okay, so I have a Christmas movie coming out called Anything But Christmas. And then right after that, I'll be Scott Beos' ex-wife on his new show, Sea Dad Run.
 But my pet project are every pun intended, really. I'm launching a new animal project called the pet matchmaker and we launch in January. It's a multimedia project. It's a huge project, so I'll be getting the word out about that.
 I think the best place right now is to come to me. Twitter, Elaine, for the number four animals, and then my website, ElaineHendrick.com.
 Really did Dennis say because Dennis and my character are like we're all about sex, but he said wrong
 I'm so excited for you to meet them. I play Ava. Johnny Rock played by Dennis. His longtime girlfriend and backup singer. And we've had a wild ride together. We've done everything, seen everything, and then some. And along the way, I have stuck with him no matter how dysfunctional he gets. And it's just, it's real love. It's true love. And I do everything I can to protect
 It was pretty kick-ass when we were at like Irving Palace or I mean Irving Place Plaza, Irving Plaza.
 long weekend, Irving Plaza, or the Apollo, all these plays
 And a very dysfunctional family, but a family. And I mean, let's face it, if you're a human, you understand dysfunction on some level. So I think there's going to be something in there that everybody can relate to.
 Ava's, that's her thing. She committed to the Rock and Roll life.
 through and through. So they are committed to each other. They've seen everything
 you're going to get to see that really she wanted a family all these years. Despite all the drugs and the sex and the rock and roll, she wanted a family. And now she gets to have that when Johnny Rock has a daughter who shows up that they never knew he had. And then there's also a really fun spoiler alert that I'm not going to give in the very final episode that when I read it, when I saw the script
 tracks. But then once we got going, the guys, John Corbett already knew how to play the guitar, John Ailes who plays bass, he learned how to play the bass, and then Robert Kelly who plays drums, he learned how to play the drums. So by the end of our 10 shows for this first season, everybody was playing
 I just did a lot of research on rock and roll. I did a lot of research on drugs that she probably would have
 done anything other than prescription drugs that I've needed for various surgery or whatever. But I'm very pro, like I'm very pro marijuana, actually, but yet I've never smoked marijuana.
 friendship and loyalty and so it's you know rescue me which Dennis did years ago and had such huge success with it was a one hour drama with comedic elements and now we're doing a half hour comedy with some dramatic elements to it so it is very very funny
 Dennis, like with through it all the way, he would give us a script and then say come in and he
 going on at all times. And so it was a very messy and raw. And I think that's what
 And Joan Jett is coming to our set to do a scene. And she was awesome. Like she's just a cool change.
 And she played herself, but like it did involve some acting and so she was great and she was game and
 most it's Dennis Leary. I think that's kind of what all of us were drawn to. I mean, he's so specific in his style, he's so successful, and he's just a great guy. He's a really great guy to work for.
 And he, over the years, just, he knows a lot of people and he's stayed in touch with a lot of people. So, you know, really kind of, it just involves a phone call for him and then if someone's available.
 of the show. It makes it very specific. It gives it its own
 is that particularly the men in the rock industry like choose a look and then they stick with it. And so Johnny Rock chose a look and he has stuck
 good all the time. And Ava has kept it but given it a more modern touch. So it's fun because even like there's no off switch with
 Like that, it just, it, it doesn't happen. Except for insects and drugs.
 Good question. First person who pops into my mind who I get likened to frequently and I take it as a great compliment would be Charlize.
 intimate a little loosely, you know, I've now intimately worked with them.
 And Liz has said that before, and I don't see it. I just don't see it. And maybe it's because I've worked with them both.
 Yeah, so I don't know but you know that just it's I guess you know in the eye of the
 It's great for animals, but it's also great for your health, because we're really not built to consume as much meat as we do in modern days. So if people knew what was happening to animals, if they really knew and if they really absorbed it, I believe they would make different choices. And a lot of it's just getting people
 on the eating front, that people, that somehow it taps into like this survival and this fear of, no, I have to eat meat through survive. And then it does become a habit. Like, no, I need this. And you actually really don't. You really, really don't. You just need protein. But that protein does not have to come from animal sources. So yeah. And I had another thought.
 years ago I made what I call the fortunate mistake of watching an undercover fur video and it
 recently honored at the National Animal Rights Conference with their Guardian Award, and also with a Telly Award for my work on
 It's a funny thing getting an award, because it's not really about me, it's about the work, and I just happen to be the
 stream to merge my work in entertainment and my work with animals because I believe that we can end animal suffering.
 and a lot of like drama inside that comedy, which of course is what makes it funny because it's just so absurd and so kind of real and in this crazy dysfunctional world.
 insanity and I think everybody just kind of wants to be a part of that. It's like going
 I my function is really like to help protect him usually from himself But really like he goes off the cliff. I'm going off
 Gillies who plays Dennis' daughter on the show and everybody is playing live instruments and we are sex and drugs and rock and roll.
 But I think I'm going to be here in Los Angeles. I'll be in New York the good the days before for the premiere and press and whatnot, but I think I'm going to come back here and have just a little gap
 We're so comfortable with each other and I think actually in our own weird way, we're very much in love.
 Yeah, and Hollywood and and then that changed it and and I started focusing and acting and now
 You know, I am, I like to think of myself anyway as a good, happy person who likes to help others and be positive. And so I get to really exercise that shadow side of myself who's not so
 Yes, well my organization is the pet matchmaker. Yeah, and we inspire and celebrate rescue fostering adoption of homeless animals.
 I mean, there are so many parts to that that were just disturbing from the alleged killer, luring him out of a protected area to what they did to the lion
 Yes, this Saturday, six o'clock kitty bungalow dot org
 The motion capture actress for Alex Wesker in Resident Evil Revelations 2 and you are
 I was hired for a video game and actually I didn't even know what the game was and I went in and I had to do all these wardrobe fittings and
 had no idea what the game was and it wasn't until this
 2015 that I started getting messages and started seeing images of Alex West
 360 and then they put all these different like probes on me.
 I have been a big fan of the original. I think it's a really neat story. I was first introduced to the series when I was filming in Australia. I was doing a Walt Disney movie called Inspector Gadget 2 there. And some castmates and I were just hanging out.
 of course, seeing the movies and what not. But then, when the revelations came up, I actually haven't played it yet.
 haven't seen it in its entirety. I've been getting all kinds of messages though and seeing fan art a lot from my
 I think it's really cool to be a part of this franchise and I'm super, super
 I thought it was really cool and I think I did a great job of capturing me.
 Playing an evil character playing a game that involved you know a certain level of violence But again, I didn't know what game it was when they hired me with all top secret
 So they didn't tell me a whole lot, but I just knew that I was going to be evil.
 it was really fascinating, I thought it was a lot of fun, and the fans have been incredible. I would also love
 Thank you. I'm a big believer. My acting style is bringing physicality. I'm a classically trained dancer.
 And so that's just what I do for every role and that ends up
 This is the type of film that, as an actor, if I saw on the screen, I'd be like,
 sneering into my heart right now is my own animal rescue organization that I'm a founding member of called Animal Rescue Corps. And we do large-scope rescues like puppy mills, hoarding, dog sled, and sled dogs.
 animal rescue organization that I'm a founding member of called Animal Rescue Corps.
 That's taking up a lot of time, but it's so worth it.
 Mae'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r
 I think when something is so iconically corner, you know, I wanted to get it right, so I spent a lot of time with voice.
 Yn yw'n gweithio'n gweithio'n gweithio'n gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r
 The cymo cam shots of giants grabbing you and stuff, your body is not moving in the right way, or even if the camera is just slightly off in the whole
 comes back to her roots because she misses her family and her friends and she's very close to her brother and then all this kind of
 house and actually taught me through it because with it being fixed gears you know the pedals keep moving without
 So you can't actually stop, so it's terrifying and very hard work, but really good fun and a great challenge. So yeah, just a lot of kind of cycling up and down the cycle tracks in my house and yeah, shiny
 It was very scary. It was very, very scary to be amongst that and to see that, you know, the lifestyle that they live. But at the same time, that was kind of what was really exciting about it and what I loved.
 relationships that you thought were so solid in the first series are going to get
 and standing up to people if you don't agree with them, not conforming.
 This being my first kind of big film, big break, both of them were just so supportive. They were really nice. They kind of took me under their wing.
 Mae'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd
 Mae'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith
 it's amazing that's when you kind of depend on Brian to kind of talk you through it and to show
 Yn ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch
 Yn yw'n gweithio'r yng Nghymdiad yw'n gweithio'r yng Nghymdiad yng Nghymdiad yng Nghymdiad yng Nghymdiad yng Nghymdiad yng Nghymdiad yng Nghymdiad yng Nghymdiad yng Nghymdiad yng Nghymdiad yng Nghymdiad yng Nghymdiad yng Nghymdiad yng Nghymdiad yng Nghymdiad yng Nghymdiad yng Nghymdiad yng Nghymdiad yng Nghymdiad yng Nghymdiad yng Nghymdiad yng Nghymdiad yng Nghymdiad yng Nghymdiad yng Nghymdiad yng Nghymdiad yng Nghymdiad yng Nghymdiad yng Nghymdiad yng Nghymdiad yng Nghymdiad yng Nghymdiad yng Nghymdiad yng Nghymdiad yng Nghymdiad yng Nghymdiad yng Nghymdiad yng Nghymdiad yng Nghymdiad yng Nghymdiad yng Nghymdiad yng Nghymdiad yng Nghymdiad yng Nghymdiad yng Nghymdiad yng Nghymdiad yng Nghymdiad yng Nghymdiad yng Nghymdiad yng Nghymdiad yng Nghymdiad yng Nghymdiad yng Nghymdiad yng Nghymdiad yng Ng
 Mae'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith
 Well, I think Domaz is a great character for any actress to take on. You know, and they're rare, those great characters, they don't come along that often.
 but then to be progressing to Lady of Nampara and a gentleman's wife, it's such a great
 Yes, very much so, very much so. And their relationship is growing the more they get to know each other, but there's still turmoil.
 Mae'n mynd i'n mynd. Mae'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n
 season 2 is very exciting and upsetting and it's a real roller coaster, the whole series is
 Well, I worked very hard at the fabulous voice coach for weeks before filming and because it was so important to me that we got it right.
 absolutely love it so we really had to nail that and get that right and I hope I did
 But it's yeah, I think throughout the series as well. I wanted her to soften the accent
 Mae'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith
 with it all. You know what, he's such a lovely person. I think he's a bit
 To be honest, it's just given me so many more opportunities acting-wise, which is lovely. You know, it's great to be a part of a show that's been such a huge success because it's
 and she'll do absolutely anything for him. You know, she is quite a few scenes where she tries to, you know, save his neck basically.
 getting over that and trying to move on with their lives. So, you know, there's a lot of emotion and exploring the reality of being married and actually how hard that is. And I think that's what people love about.
 Mae'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd
 the pre-stuff that they've shot with, you know, or the
 the stuff that they've shot with Bill Nye already and obviously his stuff was played back to us and all the motion capture stuff.
 Mae'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd
 To be perfectly honest with you, I'm not entirely sure.
 Mae'n gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r
 Mae'n gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio. Mae'n gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r
 Mae'n gweithio'r gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweithio, mae'n gweith
 realistic film and I think I think we've managed to grab that.
 Mae'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud
 Mae'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd
 Mae'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud i'n gwneud
 Mae'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith
 just any Tom Dick and Harry on Roger or you know it's it's led by Brian
 Mae'n gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r
 Mae'n gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r
 Mae'n gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r
 Rwy'n gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r
 Mae'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith
 Mae'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd
 Yeah, I did. I'm not sure why, but I just thought it would
 and being the hero that Ross Pollock is, he manages
 Yeah, well it's actually really interesting because last time we were here the show hadn't aired here so no one really knew what it was so I'm kind of excited You know to see what people's reaction was to the first
 Mae'n gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r
 Yn gweithio'n gweithio'n gweithio'n gweithio'n gweithio'n gweithio'n gweithio'n gweithio'n gweithio'n gweithio'n gweithio'n gweithio'n gweithio'n gweithio'n gweithio'n gweithio'n gweithio'n gweithio'n gweithio'n gweithio'n gweithio'n gweithio'n gweithio'n gweithio'n gweithio'n gweithio'n gweithio'n gweithio'n gweithio'n gweithio'n gweithio'n gweithio'n gweithio'n gweithio'n gweithio'n gweithio'n gweithio'n gweithio'n gweithio'n gweithio'n gweithio'n gweithio'n gweithio'n gweithio'n gweithio'n gweithio'n gweithio'n gweithio'n gweithio'n gweithio'n gweithio'n gweithio'n gweithio'n gweithio'n gweithio'n gweithio'n gweithio'n gweithio'n gweithio'n gweithio'n gweithio'n gweithio'n gweithio'n gweithio'n gweithio'n gweithio'n gweithio'n gweithio'n gweithio'n gweithio'n gweithio'n gweithio'n gweithio'n gweithio
 Mae'n gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r
 I'm half way through book six, so yeah, because we do two books at a time and I think
 Mae'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd
 Mae'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n
 yng Nghymru'n gwybod i'n gwybod i'n gwybod i'n gwybod i'n gwybod i'n gwybod i'n gwybod i'n gwybod i'n gwybod i'n gwybod i'n gwybod i'n gwybod i'n gwybod i'n gwybod i'n gwybod i'n gwybod i'n gwybod i'n gwybod i'n gwybod i'n gwybod i'n gwybod i'n gwybod i'n gwybod i'n gwybod i'n gwybod i'n gwybod i'n gwybod i'n gwybod i'n gwybod i'n gwybod i'n gwybod i'n gwybod i'n gwybod i'n gwybod i'n gwybod i'n gwybod i'n gwybod i'n gwybod i'n gwybod i'n gwybod i'n gwybod i'n gwybod
 Well, I think Domaz is a great character for any actress to take on. You know, and they're rare, those great characters, they don't come along that often.
 but then to be progressing to Lady of Nampara and a gentleman's wife.
 Yes, very much so, very much so. And their relationship is growing the more they get to know each other, but they're still turmoil.
 Mae'n mynd i'n mynd. Mae'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd
 and two is very exciting and upsetting and it's a real roller coaster, the whole series
 Well, I worked very hard with a fabulous voice coach for weeks before filming because it was so important to me that we got it right.
 But yeah, I think throughout the series as well. I wanted her to soften the accent.
 Mae'n gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r
 with this all. You know what, he's such a lovely person. I think he's a bit shy.
 To be honest, it's just given me so many more opportunities acting-wise, which is lovely. You know, it's great to be a part of a show that's been such a huge success because it's
 Mae'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd
 the stuff that they've shot with Bill Nye already and obviously his stuff was played back to us and all the motion captures
 Mae'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd
 Yn yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw'n yw
 AC, right at the beginning of the film, so that was kind of, you know, that was very difficult and it took us quite a while to kind of find the right balance.
 definitely and it's always exciting now to see where they can go with CGI and special effects and there's so much now that they couldn't do back in the day so that's that's always enticing for audiences and it's a
 with this being my first kind of big film, big break. Both of them were just so supportive. They were really nice. They kind of took me under their wing and made sure that I was okay.
 Mae'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith
 Well, it was a sort of long process really and I went for my first audition and I just read the
 like a series of auditions after that and then a series of workshops and then they offer me the part. So it was a long process but it was thrilling and sort of the adrenaline you get from it and it's
 I mean, making this movie was so much fun. I mean, I loved absolutely everything.
 Anything really, I mean, just anything that's classy and that I know that I'm really going to enjoy something
 really get stuck into it. I'd quite like to do like an action film which has a bit of sword fighting or something and it's just something that I've not experienced yet.
 really great position where I can kind of pick and choose what I wanted and I started getting offers to do a lot of big studio movies and none of the scripts excited me and I just started looking at different things in the world that were disturbing me and I'd seen this website where you could go to Thailand and pay $10,000 to walk into a room and shoot somebody in the head and that idea disturbed me so
 so much. I said screw this, I'm just going to write, direct, produce, do my own movie, have complete, you know, creative
 and after he saw the movie he invited me to his house to watch movies and I think we're watching more of the Gargantua's or Hell Night or some old film and we started talking about different
 You gotta write that right now. So I just ran home, unplug my phone, shut off my
 Yeah, it was great. I mean I grew up in Boston and there's a certain type of guy from Boston. We call it mass
 And the guy, I drink them, I mean, you know, I went to, I live with those guys and I got beat up by those guys and it was one of those guys. So a lot of the times, you know, when you're on set, you can kind of act like that and be like, dude,
 But Quentin loved it. I mean, Brad was Aldo and I was Donnie. The marriagey, the whole time. And there was a P.A. named Karla. And I was like, Karla!
 these guys in my head for eight years and now I get to hang out with them. This is so cool. So but you know the beating scenes it was very cathartic to get that out of your system but you know the truth is that when I'm filming a death scene I get happier and happier as the day goes on as I'm getting my shot
 conjure up the most painful, darkest stuff from your entire life and bring it right to the surface, like it just happened 10 minutes ago. So I noticed at the end of the day, I was just drained. I don't want to talk to anybody. You just want to crawl into a hole and die and then get up and do it again the next day. So certain days were fun, but on the days when I had to kill somebody, it was really, really much more intensive
 thing that you were never supposed to do. But, you know, there was a real purpose to it. I mean, this wasn't for shock. This was, and, you know, and we were shooting going, okay, this has to hang within Gloria's bastard. So, I got to bring it as
 Facebook, maybe these social media, but, you know, if you're, you know, 14, 15, 16, or in your early 20s and you've grown up with that, you know all these different tricks. You're your home mentality of how to use social media and how to use a phone.
 It's completely different and what's terrifying to me to someone in their 40s is that there is nothing private anymore. There's a whole generation that's grown up with no concept of privacy.
 But we grew up in this era where kind of all of your behavior, for me, before
 It's not recorded, thank God. So, I wanted to show what can happen. What terrifies me is the idea that, you know, in the time of fatal attraction, you could do something like this. Maybe your wife found out, maybe your people at work. But now, if you misbehave, you cheat on your wife, you do something wrong. It can literally be broadcast to the whole place.
 together. I go, well, we really need to start prepping a week. He's like, what? I go, yeah, we have this house and these people moved out and we have all this art experience because are you two insane?
 It was a combination of several events. One, I was watching the old 70s cannibal films.
 never make that movie today because the jungle's not there anymore. It's gone. It's all disappearing. I thought, okay, that's my end.
 to protect the jungle to stop, you know, the uncontacted tribes. But at the same time, Occupy Wall Street was happening. And during Occupy Wall Street, there was a relative of mine who was occupying. And I remember he graduated college and I was like, oh, is he working? What's he doing? And my mom was like, oh, no, he's occupying. And I was like, well, what's he occupying against? I mean, he hasn't really been screwed over by anybody. He grew up in a nice family and went to college. And I'm like, well, he goes to his friends, they meet girls, you know, that's what he do. And I just thought, okay, all right, great.
 on Daryl Sabara when he's like ping and there's a tarantula. That's a real poisonous tarantula, that's probably mine. So everybody in the cast fully, fully went for it. And I think that's one of the reasons the movie really works. When you see them, they're in the dirt and they're surrounded by pig shit and they're getting bit by bugs. There's no makeup there.
 Like we had to send cast members to the hospital. We had to take yellow fever shots. We had anti malaria pills. We had to get deparacited after
 Amazon it was crazy when the girls when the kids drop a snake on Kirby and Magda's face that is a real snake that was I was standing there and the kids turn around they're like they're like oh the kids have an idea and they had a baby python and that I was like what do they want they go well the kids start to be funny if we threw it in the cage with you know the Americans and I was like actually that's a great idea we're gonna do that and so we did the take
 And I look at the TV freeze frame at the things like two inches from fighting your face. So it's just that kind of a shoot. But you know what?
 and I you know you told me the story and I said I will do anything to help you make this movie and we write the screenplay and bring it to our partners Eric Newman and Mark Abraham who are fantastic producers and you know made a lot of great movies and then we take it to Universal with that team and then we bring on Bill Cawing the core UN comes on for the fights and it just snowballs from there
 not just seeing another fight, you're moving the story for it but you're really unfolding another corner of this world with oh wow okay that's the roads okay these guys go underground that's really cool okay these are the falcons they live in the trees and you know it's jungle village we wanted to really create a unit
 universe, that's what we spent a year and a half in the writing, thinking of every clan, thinking of their weapon, thinking of what their relationship is with other clans, so that there's
 You know, also the rhythm, the rhythm of the dialogue. I mean, there was a lot. But, you know, it's really kind of harnessing what he did with Wu Tang. He really was able to produce all of that and really bring in Dave Batista and Russell Crowe and Kanye West and Wiz Khalifa and Crambler. All these people from all these different worlds, you know, everybody coming together and kind
 and that's okay because to me it was always make believe and pretend and I always thought no matter what I'm doing on a movie set there's nothing worse than what's going on in the real world I mean people
 And he said, oh, they're just pigeons. I said, these are creatures. These are animals. And I actually remember the guilt-shipping.
 I couldn't be in the house anymore. I couldn't be friends with this person knowing that these people left their dog out there suffering. And they had a sadditude, whoa, it's just a dog. But you could see how upset this animal was. So I had very, I'm always very, very affected by violence in real life. And certainly violence against animals.
 all in good fine, I guess you could say. But I wanted to use that attention that I get.
 where this hobby we had collecting all these cards, we now have them, but we just, like, I don't know what
 in December of 2004. And then after, like, you know, we kind of spent the day going through the script, he goes, hey, you want to hear a scene from him going to the bathroom?
 around April of 2008, while he was writing it, using my passive or satire with all my friends and boss to
 he calls me and asks me to go grab some food with them. So we're dinner and he's like, look, Dono, it has to be a real character. This isn't death group. It's got to know this is like your best friend. It's got to be 360 degree person who's his parent. And I was like, well, quite a night, I wasn't going to do that research until I knew I had the
 He's telling me I'm going to be in a leading-world Brad Pitt. And he's like, yeah, I can do a toast. He's like, yeah, here, cheers. And we just did it. And he's like, that's it. But I dropped everything, put it on 40 pounds of muscle, went to Boston.
 ever wanted to see. It's everything that I had fantasized about visualized.
 It's exactly what you would do. It's like you this dream that you had and you realize that somebody else had that same dream and now you're sharing it with all these other people.
 I'm sorry, that was one of the best screens. It felt like the energy of the red carpet of Cannes was in that room. I've never been to a screen like that. It was like electric.
 I mean, leading up to it, he should have good bad in the ugly, should have the dirty dozen.
 with, like, it's right tail and ship around on the bar firing into a crowd. And when he said the ending, he's like, dark of the sun, dark.
 The business is changing to such a degree that you're finding that movies are kind of small, the O.D. releases or it's Marvel and clearly what audiences are going to and what theaters are booking are Star Wars movies and these kind of event superhero films. So it's certainly there are a lot of fun, you get a lot of money to play with.
 It's interesting. It's a whole other universe that's happening right now.
 I first had the idea to write and direct Cannibal Holocaust.
 Believe what I had just seen and it was before the internet so I couldn't just go up and look up information and I tried to find it in every book and I was I
 actually killed people. And I studied special effects. I'd seen every makeup effect, but I had never seen anything so effective. The filmmaking, the documentary style, and of course, the Riz Ortelani music. And that was what began my obsession with the movie. And of course, reading about Rajero and subsequently realizing that he had directed other movies that I loved as well. But it seemed like he really murdered
 Every review ever by anyone the first
 they talk about is cannibal holocaust, cannibal holocaust, and the Hollywood report
 become over time the gold standard for like it's like the ultimate outlaw horror movie. There's nothing there is no closer
 was going to work and to really start the movie, I was paying myself for my own money to fly the crew to go to Peru. And while we were there, like right before shooting, was when the financing came together. But I had to say, yes, we're going, yes, we're going, we were fighting the weather. And then we were in the jungle and I started production. And every day I was thinking, I really, today I really need to write Rojaro.
 tell him right when I get back in December. But by then, the news had gotten out. And I felt terribly that you didn't hear it from me first.
 Honorable Holocaust is the inspiration and it's a very different type of story and the name of the green inferno, but the idea was I want
 That's kind of ultimate mandu kanibali has the finger thing that you'll see tomorrow night. Yeah, amongst other things, but
 really for a modern American audiences, because it couldn't be as strong as Cannibal Holocaust. It's a different story, but I want you to notice in the credits,
 world and cannibal holocaust. I want people that maybe have never seen it that are too scared to see it to watch green and furno and then go find cannibal holocaust if they haven't
 Okay, I like I like Fitzgerald I like the scenes with the natives when the natives come on the boat. I think
 But the one where we shot is by a gira the wrath of God because they called the pongo a gira and we went far
 But the difference but also for my untrained
 The difference, obviously, I think that what makes Cannibal Holocaust unique that a lot of people don't know is that you are the, everybody knows you are the assistant director to Roberto Rosalini, but not many people know that you are the
 is right in crime novels and detective stories now, and his crime films are incredible. I mean, you made great crime films as well, but when we think of Lindsay, I think of the Italian crime. And if you look at Cannibal
 and in Cannibal Fair Rocks, they're finding a detour. It's more, it's the keep cutting back to New York.
 back to these police, but Lindsey loves the detective stories.
 every single day. There was no electricity, no running water. These people had not only never seen a movie
 There were poisonous snakes and tarantulas. It was the Amazon. It was no joke. It was it was scary at times, but I'm glad we pushed it and did it.
 make me a better director. It's actually much easier to direct, you know, at 40 than at 30 and I feel
 lots of reports of it when we were in Peru, too. Crazy stories. It was insane. And once we were in the jungle, we realized there's a thousand stories in there. It's an amazing place. I mean, you know, cannibalism, it's the last unthinkable thing
 There were awesome. I mean, there were villagers. They weren't like people that you'd expect like they weren't like cannibal holocaust where they're actually people that live in church
 parts into Peru, because people actually ship real body parts. So we had fake heads and fake arms and all that stuff got confiscated by customs. And even though it was fake and we explained it was a movie, it was very hard.
 One is Tarantino directing me. I could turn off that directing hat. I mean, when you're going in as an actor, you know what you're getting into. And I said, I wanted to be the dream actor I wish I had. I just fully threw myself into the part. I put on almost 40 pounds of muscle. I went back to Boston where I grew up and only talked to my accent and created the role and created the character. You know, I just became possessed by really, really giving him
 As long as you know mention 86, it's fine. But the truth is we get mad about the Mets and 86, but the painful things were more mad at Bob Stanley and Calvin Sheraldi. You know, I can't hate the Mets the way I hate the Yankees.
 but a bunch of kids who get a cabin in the woods they go there to have fun and they get this flesh eating disease which rips through their flesh and those horrible things they go crazy in
 movie that was both funny and scary. Where, like in the style of American, we're often London or Evil Dead 2 where you're laughing one minute and just so disgusted you're laughing the next and scared
 you're trapped somewhere in the woods and it's like your friend turns into the flesh-eating monster only this time it's this real disease
 $50 million. So when you're making a movie on that low budget, you've got to be creative. You've got to push the goal.
 You know, you gotta be creative. You gotta push the gore, push the scares. We totally put it the incorrect. Really making it shocking and violent.
 history of human nature, when people get leprosy, they're sent to leper colonies. Smallpox, they're put in isolation. And two years ago, when the SARS outbreak hit China, what did they do? They sealed those people off. They didn't take them to the hospital because nobody knew what this was and nobody wanted to get it. They sealed those people in a building until they figured out what the hell it was. And I think that the kids aren't monsters. I think that they're just behaving the way kids would behave. And that's one of the things that's made the film, I think such a success in America, is
 I like drawing, I like painting. I enjoy doing all these things. I like inventing new ideas. That's why I'm here in Frankfurt. We're meeting with other inventors and scientists and engineers. You know, that's fun. I think I get bored when I do the same thing over and over and I think it makes you more better.
 I like inventing new ideas. That's why I'm here in Frankfurt. We're meeting with other inventors.
 for the main influences are Tobi Hooper's Texas Chancel Masker, John Carpenter's The Thing, Sam Ramey's The Evil Dead.
 old. I mean, I love Nosferatu. I mean, there are, you know, Fritz Lang is one of my favorite directors. I saw him a tropless one.
 when I was in college and I was working for a producer and David Lynch needed research for a project. So it was for David Lynch and Angela Battle and Menti, his composer. And I spent years doing research for him. Then I moved to LA and he called me and he's like, Eli, man, we're going on the net. Davidlynch.com. It's going to be beautiful, man. And I went to his house and he started telling me all these ideas. And I just started shooting this stuff with David Lynch. We're shooting poppots shows, the show with rabbits. And I told him about Cabin Fever, which I had written. And he was really, really helpful
 gave me music you know it's for free just as a favor it was really really cool then I told David Lynch I will do anything for free
 get caught in form. I do it because it's so fun being around that guy. I learned so much about directing action.
 I learned more from David Lynch than any other director. I mean, he's so nice.
 mental institution. He was completely psychotic and this other, the old guy behind the general star with a white beard, he had never been in a movie before. So I thought these people had such great
 other in flavor. Stylistically, I sat down with my cameraman before we shot and we watched Texas Chainsaw Masker.
 I'm asking, watch Lucia Fulcice house by the cemetery. There are certain movies that I
 people who were like that's exactly what happened I saw with a date my date didn't want to sleep alone I took her back to my place and you know I nailed the stuff
 It's called Scavenger Hunt. I have a new company that's producing horror movies called Raw Nerv. We just produced a movie called 2001 Maniac, starring Robert England and played Freddie Krueger. I'm writing a movie with a filmmaker named Richard Kelly who wrote and directed Donny Darko, a popular cult movie.
 place that no cameras had ever been before. So it was pretty crazy. I mean, I wanted to have an adventure
 every single day. There was no electricity, no running water. These people had not only never seen a movie
 There were poisonous snakes and tarantulas. It was the Amazon. It was no joke. It was it was scary at times, but I'm glad we pushed it and did it and
 make me a better director. It's actually much easier to direct, you know, at 40 than at 30. And I feel like
 There was no awareness of a camera. They didn't know what a camera was. So we had to show them and they don't get
 people will come out of the video unless you've seen cannibal holocaust in one of those little girl or Fitzgerald or the old Werner Herzog.
 parts into Peru because people actually ship real body parts. So we had we had fake heads and fake arms and all that stuff got confiscated by
 And even though it was fake and explained it was a movie, it was very hard. It was a crazy time shooting in Peru and shooting in the Amazon. But we went way up the river, farther than anyone's ever gone before. And it was the hardest thing I've ever done in my life. We had an amazing crew and amazing cast and it really shows in the footage.
 about a couple of American friends with a friend from Iceland that are backpacking through Europe and they're looking for European girls and drugs and all that kind of stuff that can't find in America. And they hear about a hostel in Slovakia that's rumored to be filled with beautiful girls. So they go there and it actually is and everybody hooks up and the girls seem to love Americans and then one of the friends disappears. And it starts to lead to something darker and more sinister and the guys eventually realize they're trapped into something really horrible. It's this really violent journey into hell and
 movie, there's nothing worse than what's going on in New Orleans. I mean, I can put the most violent stuff in a film and people know it's fake. They're paying for fantasy. They've seen the actors
 doing interviews. They know there are a lot. So it allows them to enjoy the violence. What gets people desensitized is when they're school shootings every week. It's when we say, oh, another 10 people are killed in Iraq. When we have this
 horrifying that anything I could ever put in a movie and it's real and that makes people think God you know what there's no police there's no army no one's gonna save us everything's gonna fall apart there's horrible racial tension and nobody's in charge that's what gets people desensitized the more
 was it never really felt like work or started like work. You know, Quentin loved Kevin Fever and invited me to his house to watch movies after he saw it. And we struck up this friendship where, you know, he'd show me old movies like Black Valley of the Tarantula and I was like, oh, dude, you got to see this movie Sean and the dead. And I got him a print of Sean and the dead and introducing to Edgar Wright. So, you know, I was kind of meeting all the young filmmakers and he was showing me a lot of older movies and he really became one of the only people I can trust in Hollywood.
 rock dead Fred with Rick Mail was known as one of the funniest scripts ever written and some Dutch director came in and like didn't know how to use Rick Mail was like a comic
 genius and the movie's a mess. So it's like, it was frustrating for the director, it was frustrating for the writer, it was frustrating for the star, but you know, it just kind of had the wrong ingredients.
 that and I also produce my own movies. I think for me the only way to do it is to write, produce and direct. Because if I write a movie and you give it to a director and they screw it up, it's like
 You know, it's so frustrating. I mean, there's it's like this movie drop-dead Fred with Rick Mayall was known as one of the funniest scripts ever written and some Dutch director came in and like didn't know how to use Rick Mayall was like a comic genius and the movie's a mess. So it's like it was frustrating for the director, it was frustrating for the writer, it was frustrating for the star, but you know, it just kind of had the wrong ingredients. But when you have an idea in your head and I write it, unless it was a director
 The title knock knock came to us actually when we were we were writing the film was Nicholas Lopez our co-writer we're thinking what could we call this?
 knock knock we love the simplicity of it and what it led to and just you know the knock knock joke them knocking on the door them showing up in the middle of the night I'd like a title that gets you thinking and leads other mysteries and it was a very simple title knock
 All of my films are for a very bloody, they're known for the
 in mind. But in this case, we wrote it for Genesis for the Renza Izzo. You know, I'd work with the Renza Izzo on Aftershock and Hemlock Grove and she starred in the Green and Ferno. So we wanted to write a character for her.
 He's warm and sweet and vulnerable and nice and I think what we're seeing now is a huge turning point in Kiana's career. We're seeing what we're going to get for the next year or 30 or another 25 years of leading performances from him. But I want this to be his Oscar nominated performance. I want people to watch Knock Knock and go, oh my God, Kiana was so funny, so wonderful. It's a real, real actress piece. He's just incredible.
 I mean, we love low budget, mainstream at low budget, high quality. We don't want anything to look low budget. So both of us have done movies in our own way. We've learned where to save money.
 the officers and all the stunt people I said I remember the scene in the club there's girls and heels and skirts and I said wow I can't believe Chile is all these hundreds of stunt girls and he's like haha stunt girls green go these are models I was like what I was like they've never been in the movies like no
 Green goes so worried about everything. You're so gringo about it. So then like we close our eyes and we drop sent thank God no one got hurt
 was pinned under the concrete in the cemetery. I looked around and I saw all the graves and there were skeletons and bones and hair and I said, God, the art department did an amazing job. This looks so real and it's a great art department. Like, why? They just let us in an hour ago. This has been closed since the earthquake. They literally opened the door and let us shoot there because there's so many areas that are destroyed that can't use it. We just walked in
 Chris Craven was one of those names that, as you got older, his films grew with you. So, when I was a kid, it was before VCR.
 was the film that your friend's older brother saw, so you'd have them go, oh, that's a movie, and they take the girl
 of Last House and the Left. And it has this kind of Harry Nielsen folk music done by David Alexander Hess. And I remember thinking, like, God, this is 1972 and this is 2002. You couldn't use this music in a movie today. And I thought, that's it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to track down that music. And so I took six songs from Last House and the Left. And I got the guy who plays the killer, who sings these songs. It was his kids did a cover for the end credits. It was something super, super geeky.
 And he saw he heard the last house in the left music and was like, oh my god, this guy's the real deal. And I met Wes and I was like, hi, nice to meet you. Sorry, I stole six times in your movie.
 About five or six years ago, this trailer showed up around Halloween for a movie called Clown, where a guy puts on a clown suit for his kid's birthday party and he can't take it off when he starts turning into this monster. And the hair, he keeps cutting the hair and it grows back and he rips the nose, fuses it. And then it said,
 So even though he hadn't done a feature, his commercials and videos were so smart, he was part of this collective smuggler films and his stuff just looked amazing. Everything he did had that real beautiful clean polish. And I just knew if he applied that aesthetic to a horror film, he'd make something really special. His second film, Copcar, is fantastic.
 But it was it was a pleasure. It's it's nice when you work with a director like John. It's that same experience. I had a Thai West making the sacrament or Daniel stand during last exorcism where you can just really be there as support but just
 Grim's fairy tales going back hundreds of years. I mean those are the oldest horror stories there are and there's a reason we've been telling them for
 Eating my witches and eating my trolls. So when you're dealing with clowns, I think what makes clowns creeps
 that they are around children and that we do let them around children and that when we as children are so fascinated by them that you think oh my gosh this is a grown man that we let around kids just because they have clown makeup on and then
 someone could, you know, use that to do horrible things to children. So I think that's where clowns started to get a bad name as being creepy. And there hadn't really been a horror film in a while that explored that. And I think that what John came up with that was so clever is the idea that it's not the
 It's easy, but it's the suit that's evil. Once whoever puts this on is going to transform it into this thing. And in that way, it really becomes much more like the fly. And that's what I thought was brilliant. Was there way in to tell this story that it's not just, okay, clowns are scary. Let's make a scary movie. But what if you were just a dad trying to do the right thing to help your kid and you dressed up like a clown? Because the clown you wanted didn't show up to the birthday party and you just put on the wrong clown suit.
 you really feel for this guy as he's trying to resist the urge but you know we wanted to stay true to the fairytale mythology and that's what we made a movie that was you know probably
 You want to have some sort of message underneath it. I never like to go to the movies and have a history lesson forced down my throat, but I love when I'm watching gory movies over and over and watching people's heads be ripped off and guts get torn out.
 told me about this earthquake that hit in February 2010 in Chile and it was an 8.8
 Basically society collapsed where he said it was whole generation their iPhones went out so nobody knew anyone's phone numbers and without GPS nobody knew how to get anywhere And he was he called his girlfriend in the phone. She's like, yeah, I'm at the coast. Oh, there's just a tsunami
 I had heard he was auditioning at people for it. And then the night before he leaves for Berlin, he's like, hey, man, I'm starving. You want to get some food? I'm like, sure, I knew he was making his movie. I hadn't bothered him.
 And am I going to be in a movie with Brad Pitt as the bear Jew in this? I'm going to do the bat. He's like, yeah, I'm like, can we have a toast? He's like, yeah, here, cheers. Listen, it's got to be a
 about that. And so I sat down at dinner with them, but literally then, and then I was like, well, and then I said,
 killed and so it's like their parents were in America but everybody had cousins that were things that like they grew up watching everyone coming back into 50
 It's different. It's care like I have a you know BMW like it's okay. You can get him or say he's now. It's a different. It's like the generation. They've really it's they're all the generation for them is dead and the new people and I brought my parents over. It was a very moving experience. They were like we should have come over sooner. This is the best thing for anyone Jewish go to Germany. People are wonderful. It was great and we're sitting at the premiere.
 parents, we all just burst into tears. It was some weird, even though we knew it was pretend. As my father said, there was the historical reality and the emotional reality.
 connected with everybody. So that's Quentin now. He's so tuned into these things that you just, you know, that everyone's
 I did animation and I sang that song. My friend Noah Belson and I were watching this
 Yeah, my dad was great. My father's a psychoanalyst. It was a professor at Harvard recently retired. But my parents were great. My mom's a painter. They took me to all kinds of movies. They believed I should be allowed to see anything. I never saw movie violence as real. I always saw it.
 You know, I went to go see Alien with my dad and I was like so terrified I was eight years old that was freaked out and then at the end so going to we ever start taking her clothes off
 And my parents looked at me like, are you going to throw up? And just my parents were looking at me. It was psychosamount. I was like, and I ran down the aisles and projectile vomited over like three rows of people.
 It's like a monkey pie, buddy. Dumps a bucket like you're with your date and it's just
 Cukes on you and then runs out and I remember my mom like following me in the bathroom. I'm like mom you keep with the men she's like no more harmonies
 Well, when it pleases Toronto film festival, we had two ambulance calls, which was great. One person passed out and one person fainted on the escalator and rolled down, which is great.
 two girls who can't physically overpower Keanu have to have him tied up. They've done it before. I mean, they're not like boy scouts. They understand it. But I need him to be tied up in a way that it looks like these girls did it and he really can't move. So we also wanted to look kind of cool. You know, you got to make sure they just
 Yeah, it's been great. I have a good team. You know, it's fun. It's like a whole or whole chili wood crew with Nicholas Lopez, Garamon, Widow, our team.
 in Chile and of course Lorenza and Ignacio and Aaron Burns, the whole cast.
 Exactly. Well, that's the whole idea is that I wanted to use the camera work to tell the story and to show character. And there's three kind of moves through the house where we take our time going through. The first time is just introducing everything the second time is at night and the third time is the end one. It's just complete destruction.
 moment here. And it was just such a pleasure to work with Keanu Reeves and you know, find incredible, incredible talent like Ana D'Armas and give her her English language breaks. Amazing, amazing
 Yeah, I know. I mean, there are movies like The Strangers and Funny Games that I really like, but one of the things that struck me about Peter Trainor's death game, which Colin Camp was in in 1975, is a very, very little scene film, but really kind of a masterpiece, is the way these girls show up. There's just a premise of two girls showing up at your house and cheating on your wife, and then they won't leave, and it really unravels your life. And what happens when you lose control
 Keanu lets the vampire in, you know, and fatal attraction, Dan makes the mistake. You know, I won't be ignored, Dan. Like, it's Dan's fault, and that's what's scary. You know, whether it's a hard candy or even Polanski's death in the maiden does a great job. That was a big influence.
 also I'm 43 and the way I would use social media areas Facebook or Twitter anything is completely different than the way 17
 And I remember the Icelanders were like, did you cut your, the American doesn't know how to shave, like they're looking at me, they've come out looking
 In a foreign country, it can be scary going to hospital, especially when you walk into the doctor's office.
 So finally she like she goes can I have a sample of it? I went sure what
 And they were like, game, it was some crazy ringworm infection that I got.
 It was, that's what inspired the movie. I thought, wow, you can be totally healthy.
 fans when you're, when you create a new show, it's not like watching a movie.
 racing it, loving it. The show is wildly successful and hopefully the
 Argentina she like the fans are the same they love it and it's really great when you can give
 scary story, second that we're all getting every country has their own monster
 Every country has its own, you know, the ghost and Japan with the girls and the well that hares.
 every country has their own horror stories. And people love it when you can take a classic, like the vampire, where we'll frank inside the monsters and reinvent them in an interesting way. And that's what we thought, Brian McGrevy really did with his novel, Hemakrove. And we wanted to create a series that felt something like a more in the style of David Lynch, Twin Peaks, but almost with a touch of Douglas Cirque, Melodrama, but something that was spooky and stylized, intelligent, and fun. And it was really great.
 of Hemlock Grove. People are fascinated with small town
 American life and we've created, we worked very hard to create a universe that is something special and unique and of course
 or your significant other, it's like a serious offense in a relationship. But no, it was instrumental in the, I wrote a season one when we talked about all 13 episodes going on. It was really changed the way we could write the show. We didn't have to write for commercial breaks. We didn't have to do recaps.
 It's you're right there in your home with your friends you put it on you watch another one and another one and we knew that you know one of the
 look, we love Brian McGreeby's novel and the first season we were fitting 13 episodes to that novel. So there were times you could feel we were stretching, we felt, in watching it after, okay I could feel, this one we stretched it a little bit to get to this story point.
 deep, much deeper into her character, because she's such an incredible actor with such amazing range. We wanted to show all the different layers
 of Olivia and we we fitted to 10 episodes so that everything was story story story but we wrote it knowing that people in general are watching through
 better series than 10. And sort of stretching, having those huge moments like the transformation, obviously we want the
 turns back into a human. What does that look like? We got to see what that looks like.
 We realized that at 10 episodes we were just a little more focused and we could really make each episode like let's focus on making 10 amazing amazing
 episodes and really putting really writing those huge kind of big set pieces that poor people go oh my god I can't I've never seen that done before and everyone it was just a little more manageable it was a little more
 13 worked for the book, but now that we were, you know, creating stories
 on our own without the book, we thought that 10 would be really, you know, let's make 10 really, really good.
 Yeah, let me check works under James Cameron and dark angel like the guy he's he's worked with so he's such an amazing range of experience working with such great producers
 Creators that what was really nice was we had you know, we had the book last year we had
 amazing team last season but it did feel like we didn't have that one so the book was the central voice and we needed one person that could really be the central voice and the filter for all their ideas is I'm gonna have a million ideas but I also don't I also
 that my presence I can't just show up be like hey guys what if we do this like I need to we all agree the best way to work was to everyone kind of filters everything through check and you know I can say what if like
 I'm not saying him, but I was like, what if he, what if like, I want to see what happens to Peter. He's been so careful about being a far goal for like, being aware of like, and just, and where he can transform. And he, it's such a secret of thing that he would only let Roman, so like, what if the beginning of the second season he's just doing it to a bunch of strangers? And we realized just how completely far gone he is and how he just doesn't have a fuck about anything. And checks like, and I was like, what if he's doing it like, just to fuck with some people and he, and checks like, no, man, he's just like, I was like, what if he's doing it like,
 they're hallucinating and think it was drugs and checks like yeah you should be doing it as a gift we're like that's it like it's like it's a drug deal we're using it to like trick people into thinking they're hallucinating to sell drugs to get so fake drugs to get money like and that's what we loved about chick was we could say what happens to you when you're you have
 ability and you force it against the wrong mood. How does that start to make you go insane? What does that wreak have a
 how it was really a metaphor for being self-destructive and going on some kind of crazy drug bench you're not supposed to do.
 understood how to take that idea and immediately incorporate it.
 that you understand why he's doing it. And that's what's great about someone like Chick is he could take any crazy idea we threw at him and really understand how to turn it into story and turn it into character based story. I like to think visually, think of ideas, think of characters this and that. And, you know, Fomf is obviously she's a director and a creator and writer and we all have ideas.
 but check is so experienced and cool.
 love and he's used a great addition to the show. He has his own ideas as well. So it just became one central voice
 and how the network made David Lynch and Martin Frost solve or upon the murder and the frustration it led to.
 really about the people in the town. And then they saw the murder and they had to come up with Windomoral and the black lives.
 explain it's an effort we talked about a three season is three to five season macro arcs of where where the characters are all
 After the first season, we sat out and looked at those macro arcs.
 We had a multi-season plan for where the characters were going
 We're going to go and then we brought in chick who's like completely fresh set of eyes who just watched it as a fan He's like I love the show, but here's where I take it and suddenly you're like oh my god That's actually an amazing idea. So it was a combination of sort of knowing the macro arc of where we were going to go But also seeing what worked and we're like everybody loves the guys here when you see Roman and Peter together
 I ran it to him. He was like, what's good, please tell me shelly isn't dead. Shelly is my favorite.
 You can see there were a lot of people that have that introspective poetic sensitive side
 Well, there were ideas. I mean, Brian McGrady had an idea. We wanted to see if we were going to do a graphic novel of a bridge between season one and season two, and there were, it's still something.
 Some kind of graphic novel or something, you know, it's a whole universe that we love to keep expanding on.
 But it's really up to the fans. You know, fans give a stick with the show and give season to a chance. It only allows us the opportunity to further explore it in many, many ways.
 certain forces. There's a reason everyone is coming to Hemlock Road and there's a much bigger picture at play as to why this town is becoming the four texts for all this particular type of editors.
 I mean, it's something, you know, we want to lay the groundwork for a show that can go for many seasons and explore many
 that loses its potency upon repeated viewings.
 with horror the very thing you go for is that scare and that's the thing once you know it's coming it's never as strong the second time so when you create a show you have to make so much more than that it can't be about the scare it's got to be about the characters and the story the injury the universe the world and those great moments and those great lines and the things they do the way they dress and the way you know it's such a fantastic
 You know, we're laying the groundwork for a really, really rich universe that we want to explore in 200 different directions. But it's really up to the fans at this point if people continue to let
 No, you know, we love the fair reaction, but the fair reaction generally informs with that.
 This is the longest he has his characters in his head for eight years before the show. So now, in fact, that everyone else is, they're a part of that universal creator who loves it.
 those are the people I want to see crash in the jungle and just get eaten because from the point of view the villagers they're just invaders they just see them as people dressed in construction suits tearing up their land and they've crashed in their backyard they're gonna punish them like invaders so that's what's fun for me is the clash of cars
 Where's the why you work? I mean the village had to be a real functioning village and we found this amazing village in Pedro and the whole village got in on the making the movie and they loved it It was it was so much fun a lot We do conceptually explain to this village what a movie was there's so cut off with no electricity many of them had never seen a television before let alone a movie
 Wow, that's great. It's kind of an oddly pro-vegetarian movie, even though I am a big steak eater. I couldn't help it. You know, you see the civilized meat eating in the restaurant where they're cutting the steak and then of course they're in the jungle. And the sad truth is that eventually we all are basically food. We're going to be warm food no matter what, whether we like it
 just want to cause. So more than that, more than any sort of, it was people that just wanted to cause just because they felt they needed one. And that's like a very college thing to do. And it always stuck with me. Those grow the image of those girls sitting there going, this is unfair. We're striking from the janitors. And then on the weekends, they go back to Greenwich to their house.
 Oh, man. I would try and charm them. I would tap dance. I'd be like, hey, I'm the entertainer. I would teach them how to whistle. I think like I could show them really good survival skills. But no, ultimately, I'd be, you know, I'd be done. Now, hopefully I'd be too hairy to eat. Maybe they'd have to like burn me if they want to whack to be like, all right, that's like eating a bear, but they probably have to skin me. I wouldn't last 10 minutes of those cannibals. It was hard enough shooting
 I didn't know the meaning of pre-apion, so I rushed to the dictionary and read it. I didn't know I was involved in any such
 One of the critics said where was his hand in the scene?
 The more you cursed it showed that you had no language ability, no sense of what
 We all have just so many words programmed into us.
 So I didn't speak much as a boy. The day before yesterday I was in the Library of Congress in
 indulges in saying, I don't like the language used on television today.
 Here, but you turn on, turn a classic films now, and you watch, and you see wonderful old movies, dangerous. The language was not...
 Carrie Grant yesterday and a thing called monkey business and it was wonderful wonderful wonderful
 Well, I don't know. I just like to excite people. I like people to share ideas.
 Well, I don't know. I just like to excite people. I like people to share ideas.
 Bill Moyers had a program which was wonderful called
 exciting. Today I watched a lot of TV and everybody yells at one another. They scream at one another. Nobody listens to what the other person is saying, but they all
 Plans out something and yours the actor have to obey everything he wrote he wrote we spent years with Tennessee William
 No, I think there are a lot of good playwrights today.
 off-Broadway, off-Broadway. But the United States is rich in tiny theaters all across the country.
 There's a regional theater where people can watch plays of movies.
 Oh, yes. But some of the musicals were great in those days. I mean, guys and dolls is a great, great musical. Oklahoma, all of them were
 There's a thing called encore where they revive little pieces of great, great musicals of the past.
 Because it always seems to be on the verge of dying. And yet, it revives itself. Every once in a while, a great playwright comes along. And the theatre has a new lean on life again.
 Right? Then you had the theatre with great, great Shakespeare.
 films, radio, films, television, all of them, and they have not been able to put away the fabulous invalid.
 We don't make up the language. We obey.
 The actor is the one who brings back to life what the playwright has written.
 Orchestra player. So I bring to life what the writer has written and the director has created with the author. I am just carrying
 the best good actor I've ever known. And I said, what do you mean good? Why not great? Why not
 Par, par for the cause. The mother, a wife, have children, but the other part, the talent part, the actor.
 I would lie on the bed. I was in the foreign Legion and I always were getting shit.
 I'm going, I'm going, and she'd walk out, and I knew then she'd lay out the food for me to eat, but that I was in my glory.
 spent two years with Henry Fondre, Peter Oldtool, Albert
 making an indentation, making you aware of what life is.
 I went up to do my first film when it was over. I rushed back to do to continue as an Okinawan.
 the stage manager said there's somebody important out front. I said, please don't tell me that. I don't want it. It makes me nervous. But I came out my bow
 I mean an actor doesn't mean I'm a second-class citizen. I have to be a participant in the society.
 felt it was a society that protected the idea and the thoughts
 Your hair stands up on the back of your neck when you when you read what he wrote and all of it went
 Strinberg, Ibsip, all of them are very, very generous in exploring the inner thoughts of what's to appear on a stage. And we're lucky they've had them.
 keep thinking. Now you have Tennessee Williams, you have Arthur Miller.
 It reminds me of quantumism.
 Art, and just step aside, step back, and there you have it.
 It's always fun for me to indulge in that mysterious
 As an Italian, did research on the Civil War that was rarely done in American film.
 Clint Eastwood bless him began to do and analyze just what Leonie did, the clothing they wore, the way they walked, the way they rode, all of that is a part of our history.
 I'm lucky to have shared in it. I spent three and a half months in the jungles in Cambodia in Uncle What. Part of the United States was preparing to go to the war in Vietnam and I'm making movies based on a book by
 that the first imprint you make on film stays with you the rest of your film career. The first film I did was called Baby Dog, and I was rather a sadistic
 I don't think there's anything more violent than what's happening in the world today. You talk about films, let's talk about the attack in the subways, let's talk about Vietnam, let's talk about Angola, Bay
 as you see so that you can't blame the movies or television for
 I don't know whether it's an exorcism, whether it's a catharsis by seeing violence in a movie. Some people try to emulate what's in a movie. Obama may see something in a movie and decide he'll go bomb something, you see. So I think there should be less violence, there should be more
 I don't know. Why doesn't Leonny do that with me? A lot of times I was angry. Why didn't I just count?
 only do that with me. A lot of times I was angry. Why didn't I just
 Conrad's Lord Jim and each morning I'd go to have a bowl of soup with a
 Cambodian man who ran a little stand a sort of needy and he used to smile at me. We spoke nothing together, you know, but he'd smile at me because I was
 But I think making films used to be an expression to join the Navy and see the world.
 No, but I have a feeling that there's some affinity. If you think of what's the word where you're resurrected, where you come back as someone else, what does that work?
 Yes, yes. But of course, the first formative years of
 feeling. And I wanted to channel it somehow. I didn't know. I used to lie on my bed and pretend it was the Sahara and I was in the foreign Legion and I'd get shot in the arm. And my mother would come in and say it's time to eat and I'd say I'm bleeding, I'm bleeding, you see. I was acting constantly acting. Who realized
 fire, torturing Peter O'Toole in the Cambodian jungle somewhere. And here it is, my dream.
 I thought, well, dammit, the place just started. Why isn't he paying any attention?
 And this monologue goes on as you're doing the play. I said, well, maybe he doesn't like me. Then the other part of me says, the id part says, but he paid his money, he's got a perfect
 and we didn't do what the lunch did, who, after a few years of marriage or shortly after they married, said, made a pact and said, we will never appear such
 Tow the end of their lives, they began to appear separately. We've not had any rule of thumb.
 It's some wonderful opportunity comes up friend and a film or a play. She's certainly welcome to do it. I mean, in the last few years, she did a play called Inquest.
 The actor has been worried about the economic aspects. You see, England, he becomes Sir Lawrence.
 and he's the Legion of Anna. In Russia, he's an honored artist of the Soviet Union.
 I would say that the best thing that can happen in America, and more and more the big companies are finding it out, they're devoting certain of their funds into the arts, because people must have more than just the
 For yeast, for the mind, you see a good play not only entertains and amuses you.
 Yes, it does. I mean, there's nothing better or more cleansing than a good cry
 in having had a diverse career and moved from media to media.
 loving to, as the farmer does, plow up his soil every few years, jump from a television show into a play, into a movie.
 movie. I was on the stage in Teahouse of the August moon playing an oriental
 and Kazan came to me and offered me a part in a movie called Babydyle, written by Tennessee Williams.
 teacher of acting has developed their own method. They've accepted what it came from. Originally Stanislavsky and Russia
 loved him. There was no pressure. There was no hysterics. It was a lover
 the next performance I didn't get to laugh, which taught me a valuable lesson that you don't do it yourself.
 That's wonderful. It's great to find a thing like that and to use it.
 and tell you in the critics. You do previews, you play for weeks.
 that pulls the act or the true act and back to the theater all the time. Because there's the only
 You'll open a door and say, I will not. That's all. You'll take your half a day to shoot that.
 Although people get a lot more acclaimed for movie work than they do for stage work, but the most satisfying for me is doing it on stage.
 I was the crew chief on an airplane. It all took place on an airplane. And all the plane crashes and all the men go back. They're dead and they return home. A cheerful subject for just 1946.
 and the play lasted a week. I didn't think I would last either because my voice wasn't loud enough.
 together. And Kazan had directed the skin of our teeth and wasn't happy with his direction of fantasy. So he picked a little scene from a one-act play of Williams called Ten Blocks on the Camino Real.
 And he wanted to just work on it as a director. And I was playing in Mr. Roberts. At night after the show was over 1115, we'd meet at the actor studio and we'd work to 1 o'clock in the morning and he directed. Then he showed it to Tennessee. And Tennessee was absolutely astounded at what Kazan had found in a fantasy sense with his scene.
 So he said incidentally they're going to do my play the rose tattoo and he should play Manja Cavallo. So that's how I got to play the rose tattoo.
 performance can change the message of a play. The play dealt with a man, me, who resists becoming an ocerist, who resists the current, who stands up and defies people.
 Then I'll never to question or doubt her selection of whatever it is, what color she wants. Do you remember there used to be the flapper girls?
 industry of work. I was playing an Oriental the following year or a few years before that in
 four nights before Paul Joey had opened and they booed the poor actor dancer who was superb in the park. So I came out to take my current call thinking if you boo, I'm going to boo right back
 I was terrified and they didn't pull. But the reason they liked that place so much, it was the first time Americans didn't take themselves quite so seriously and didn't think they were going to inform the world of their brilliance.
 He's not only mastered the craft of acting, but also the art of caring.
 It's just an annoyance at this point. We are obsessed. I'm not kidding. Like we left our madman premiere to go play.
 to be the best person that she can be and she might fail at it.
 continue to grow. I think she will continue to be flawed. But we know what happened to those women.
 private life and whether or not she ever really gets a handle on that or whether she winds up with you
 for people, especially for people that have been loyal and sort of watched all of the season.
 but also satisfactory in a way of finally getting to delve into these.
 Yeah, and the truth of what happened, you know, and the truth of what happened behind this
 did all our research for us. Mary and Dan and her team.
 very detailed and it has a lot
 Information that obviously isn't necessary to kind of put in the film But for me and for everyone else was really helpful the con to have that contact
 and then to even just do the scenes over and over when you constantly sort of
 that they used and, you know, they're real and there's George Bush's name and, you know, signatures.
 of people in generals from that time that I never would have known otherwise.
 into that part of it. I think she did know that
 She obviously has played a couple of extremely well-known real-life people, and she was talking about it.
 Like very interested in what she was saying because I might be doing that and I
 So good at it, but you don't feel like she's impersonating anybody.
 is so uncanny in Toronto. Bob wasn't there but Dan was and I found after watching the film
 they both have this sort of heroic, legendary quality. You know, they both have that. So even though they don't necessarily
 Somehow, you really can replace Bob with Dan.
 And with them, I'm actually on their side. I think that what, you know, I think that Mary was right and what they did.
 that she investigated and told on 60 minutes was true.
 facts of the story that she investigated.
 and I, you know, I wanted her to kind of have that sort of reality to her. Besides that,
 the first time he cried. And when we saw it in Toronto, he was very emotional afterwards. I mean, I can't imagine what that's like to have sort of this story told that is a very important time
 and to have Robert Redford telling it, you know, you need to have somebody such who's so brilliant doing it so well.
 somebody who is a seeker of truth and he's somebody who is really
 three-year-old actress in New York. I was like, this is amazing. Please, please let me play this part. And I loved her and I loved the character and she
 and then it just grew from there and you know that the script is obviously what attracted all of us originally and then when we all got involved you need started to meet the cast and the cast was awesome and the producers were awesome the right
 And that didn't work out and maybe she's supposed to be like Don, maybe she's supposed to be a man, maybe she's supposed to cut herself off from being a woman.
 And I think that, you know, over the past three seasons, that was her sort of arc and in the fourth season, I really feel like she's just starting. She hasn't yet, but I really feel like she's starting to become the person that she was.
 and she's starting to become herself and not feel like she has to be something that she has seen or someone in the office or someone that she's following.
 You know, they make mistakes and they do bad things, but they're not bad people. You know, and that's very true to life and that's very true to human
 their jobs are selling happiness every day to the public.
 And you know, that, again, you know, their own struggle for their own personal happiness is very interesting. So I don't consider any of the characters bad people. They do very bad
 I mean, everyone is so nice and Tom and Luke I sort of worked with the most and they couldn't be nicer gentlemen, honestly.
 like one of the funniest people I know. He's hilarious. So basically in between takes out just so it's like giggling at everything.
 We filmed in Belfast, which is really cool because I've never been to Ireland. So it was really, really awesome. I really loved Ireland, honestly.
 It's such a well-respected festival. That's such a range of films from small films to bigger, you know, big blockbuster films. And I think that, you know, there's sort of a cachet and a respect that comes with the festival. So it's an honor in a way, you know, that a few festivals are, but I feel like people have a lot of respect for Toronto.
 have actually. Part of the reason is I don't remember anything. So I didn't remember what happened in the first episode till I saw it. I couldn't tell you what happens in the second one. So I'm very good for spoilers because I just don't remember what happens. I've been asked recently what my favorite episodes of the show are and we had to like go online and look at all the seasons because I couldn't remember what happened when. So I'm just bad at it. So it's not really even any, I'm not like some like expert at it, I just don't remember. So I'm good for spoilers.
 And that episode sort of surpassed, I think, what television can do or has done. You know, it sort of set a standard that I certainly cannot take soul credit for. I mean, it's a brilliant script.
 I do feel like, you know, madmen isn't even dead and buried yet.
 very much not up to me, but I don't not want to look at gift horse in the mouth. So, you know, we never know. But I think I'll pause just a second and let people enjoy madmen for
 She's come a long way, obviously. I don't think her journey is over by any means.
 A few seasons, the first three seasons were all about, especially the second season, and it was a big arc was all about her figuring out what it meant to be this woman in a man's world, and did she have to be like Don, or did she have to be a man, or did she have to play up her sexuality?
 who she is and how she can just be herself and she doesn't have to be either one, but she just be herself. I think the idea of the differences and similarities between that and now is one of the most intriguing things about the show for the audience and just playing that game of comparison. And it's definitely sparked a lot of discussions and questions, and I've been a part of the
 first start watching the show and you know there's that first funny thing I'm like oh wow my god look at that that's so different we don't
 episodes start to see things that you see here now and things that either you've experienced or seen someone do or done yourself and you start to sort of get uncomfortably similar.
 to those characters. And I think that that's what has sustained the show past. It's the original sort of gimmick of it being in that time period is that these
 And I think that's something that's become far more interesting than just it being in life.
 I realize what we what we're missing what we need though is more monsters with
 is an individual that that's a good way of putting it is like a better version a better you not necessarily changing who you are
 I was really happy with it. I mean, I was very happy with my storyline. You know, she's had a rough road as far as relationships go.
 the bad decisions and hungover mornings and I was happy that she got the most romantic scene on
 this huge theater with like thousands of people in LA. I think they like live streamed it or whatever it's called. And so we watched it with like a bunch of people. A lot of fans were there.
 show Matt was always made sure that the other actor on the other than the phone was always there. So you had to come
 and do your other side of the phone call off camera for the person. It was like a rule. That particular one was different because he was in Big Sur. So they didn't want to bring me out there, and I sort of insisted that they get me on the phone for it, because it was like our last
 like I have to be on the other end of the phone. So they actually turn the pay phone into a phone so that he could actually call me. And it was super early in the morning so I was like in bed obviously.
 And I think in my pajamas, like, with coffee and, like, my cat, like, on the...
 with John like playing Don. He's like crying and I'm like trying to get the cats to be quiet.
 So it was really heavy and then the painting was kind of awkward and kind of large and they wanted me to hold it so that you could see it in certain shots and then the cigarette is actually really
 trying to look cool, like trying not to drop the painting, trying not to bump into the walls, and then they played. They were like, what do you want to listen to? And I was like, staying alive.
 really valued it and it was really special for us because we're both like big fans of each other personally and professionally and and so we always really loved when we got to do stuff so I loved then in the last few episodes I got like some huge slattery
 the time period is so enticing and it's so beautiful to watch and there's obviously just the time period of the 60s and advertising is so enigmatic and it's
 I mean, obviously, you know, as an actor, you do bring elements of yourself to a character. That's what you have to go on. At the same time, she's very different.
 to much more, I think, naive than I am less life experience. So she's very different, but at the same time,
 It's a big question. I think that, you know, that's a question that's been asked many times over the past five years.
 But there are similarities and differences and things that have improved and things that have not improved. And obviously, we've come a long way in many ways that has been very beneficial to women. And I think that we've lost things in other ways.
 that sense of mystery about women and the way that they dress, you know, that's sort of gone.
 and lucky to play it. And then, you know, as far as how
 You know, we both try to be good people. I think that she's a relatively honest person and she tries to do the right
 And the secrets that they already know about each other are
 The gosh favorite commercial. I love Apple ads. I think Apple's pretty great. They've always
 is very different from now. It's a world that I never thought I would have anything to do with, and now I do.
 Yeah, absolutely. That's I mean the thing is you're in people's homes and it's funny when people come up to me I find that they'll they'll say that to me. They see
 and I understand it's here in their home every week.
 perfect kind of moment where this pilot came along and I was in New York at the time. I was cast out of New York and everybody was buzzing about this show, Mad Men and then this other show, which
 And I said, I want to work with that man, and I met Matt. I just was like, I want to work with him.
 You could see that in his face, and you could see that in his eyes, even just in the audition.
 I loved the role and I felt like what I did with the role in that audition, what I did, who Peggy was in that audition, was the same person that he wrote. So it just felt like we really clicked.
 She's never been in the big city and now she's there
 and she's been working in a man's world for a few years and I think that for me the best way to describe her is just that journey that everybody goes
 you know, 20 to 30. She grows up and she becomes harder in a lot of ways. She gets her heart broken.
 are not, but I hope that she still retains that sense of honesty and sort of positivity and truth that I think that, you know, she's very
 she's just very much believes in whatever she's seen.
 And I think that she still has that, despite the fact that she's like, had some
 having to go from that front B.
 through these clothes, which is what Janey does and what any good costume designer does. Makes my job so much easier.
 plaid and plaid with polka dots and like turtlenecks and then little I mean I haven't gotten aware so much of them but like pants with a vest
 With the character and through the clothes has been, I mean, it makes my job so much easier.
 and we put it in and they played the song every time we did it and it was a very special kind of moment.
 If he'd seen us doing it like we used to just slow dance in the middle of the office for no reason just like bored, you know and Since season one and I asked Matt if he'd seen us do it and he said no, so it was a weird kind of it was just a weird coincidence and
 you know made the scripts come first nothing else it is the story that comes first and and that's why we're still here and that's why people still
 And I just find that fascinating. So I go in, I kind of make up careers or like stories to tell the Uber driver. So I totally just like lied to them. And I got in the Uber like the other day and the guy was, you know, who's talking about his kids and like his marital problems. And he's like, oh, well, you have kids, don't you? And I was like, yeah, I have two kids.
 I'm a sophomore this year, and I went my freshman year, which was really
 She comes with me on the same lady and when I'm filming and we have to do all the work and all the tests and everything and send it back the day that it's due for everyone else. Yeah, so it's like I have to just you have to keep up because then when you come home from you know your movie you if you're not if you don't keep up you're like lost
 I mean, starting out, when I was little, I had the best teachers for science, so they made me like it more. But now I'm doing chemistry this year, and then I have physics next year, which I hope I still like it after that.
 I mean I would say that I mean he always has been kind of like less celebrity crush around
 The box trolls, well, the box trolls, they're little creatures that live
 me myself doesn't really matter it's all about the way I sound so I just I had to remember that and like get used to uncomfortable that you know it doesn't matter about the emotion in your eyes you have to portray the emotion that would be in your eyes in your voice so you have to just get those layers into the way you talk which for I was like
 Wow, it was amazing because I obviously wasn't I mean I did visit Portland, Oregon where there
 like to say that I'm like in a movie with him but then maybe like just dissatisfying that like I didn't get to
 but I did get to meet him at Comic Con because when we went, so I met him then. He doesn't sound anything like sound.
 We did a session together and with Isaac we did a session together, which was nice because you know it was also kind of like you want other actors there
 We did, when we did the scene about talking about the fathers, me and Isaac did that, because that's kind of more like an emotional, not an action.
 you have to see the box trolls because it's extremely clever and it's unlike anything you've seen before.
 Well obviously these little guys are definitely judged by kind of their name and the way they look
 They're very scared and in order for them to show people who they truly are, they have to overcome their fear and they have to stop being terrified.
 is an orphan in a way so he he's trying to figure out you know what what is the family you know what what is it supposed to be and yeah we have a good talk about kind of that you know father's always supposed to be there for you no matter what
 also in a fish who is one of the box trolls is like eggs father even though you know he doesn't really fit you wouldn't think of him as a father because he's a little box troll
 really fit the norm, but he treats eggs like a fatherly figure. So even though they're not related, he still treats him that way.
 Well, it's all handmade so when you watch it and I feel like you can
 you can see the heart and you can just tell that like fingers molded all of this and it's
 It's something, I mean, you don't, you obviously don't see them doing it, but it, you can tell, you know, it sets it apart, then it's just, it's not just our computer, it's made from
 Without reading the script or anything, I went in and I met with Rob, Linda and Joe.
 And from that first meeting, they told me about the story.
 a Disney princess and from that meeting we just got along so well and they were so nice.
 then they gave me the script after that meeting and I went home and read it right away.
 It's the classic story of you know sleeping beauty plus so much more information so you get to
 You get to know why things happen and why, you know, Maleficent becomes so evil and sort of the steps that it takes. Because, you know, people aren't just evil just because, you know, there has to be a cause. And in our film, you get to see sort of what that cause is.
 sort of bring the essence of her and I know like when you see pictures of her sort of the way she stands with her hands and I was just sort of taking it all in before the mood before we started filming this movie I watched the anime
 movie again just to sort of see if I could pick up on any little mannerisms that she did.
 sort of in the forest and sort of brought those little princess elements but you know also wanting to make
 You know, have those elements, but also make her a real person, not just an animated character.
 the pixies and they're my ants as well. And when you get to see them
 big they're tiny and then when they become you know the human form when they have to take care of baby Aurora you know they grow
 They have to be like peasant women, which I don't think they enjoy very much. They like their wings and their funny costumes.
 with the horns and the intensity and all that and we definitely have that.
 Maleficent's bird, sort of her pet bird, and she gets, in our film, we get to see him as a man as well because she turns
 turns into a man, and when I meet, and when I'm little, I play with the bird. I do see the bird. I pet, you know, and I have a pretty bird is what I call him. And then when I get older, I get to see a man.
 to see his character from when he's young and sort of, it's a journey for him as much as it is for Maleficent in a way. So you get to sort of see why he becomes so evil and why she becomes so evil.
 that Christy seems after that, Melissa sort of follows a roar around while a roar is growing up. So you get to see me sort of in different stages is, you know, young, a toddler and then sort of eight years old and then you finally see me sort of as a teenager. And Melissa is sort of there hiding away in every step of this
 This is different and and I and I like I like
 And so once you hear that, I'm like, oh, I hope I get to do that. And then he wanted to meet with me.
 the story of it and what it really was about, about these beauty obsessed women, and I was so all in.
 Well, the way that Nick works was very different from how I had worked before. It was extremely close and we were going off instincts the whole time. We would change things along the way. And he allowed me, I never felt this much freedom on a set. He kind of, he allowed me to put my
 Views or even as being a teenager myself. I was 16 my character was 16 so there'd be a lot of things where I'd be like Nick she would never Say this or you know she would never wear this
 freedom. It was it was a strange but amazing feeling to work that way.
 Say this or you know she would never wear this and he's like, okay, we will change it will change so yeah, I never felt that freedom it was It was a strange but amazing feeling to work that way and we filmed in sequence in chronological order so that was very helpful because she does you know
 I related, kind of, one thing was that she's, you know, she's from a small town and moves to a big city. And we made her from Georgia, which is where I'm from, and moved to LA.
 Seeing a big city and in fresh eyes and and also being the youngest person around because I mean I started acting
 when I was young so I know how it feels to be kind
 the pronouns that he and you know so we wanted to talk about that but it's nice that our film I think our films unique in that way where it's they've been living with him for a very long time now but then it's
 Starts where, boom, you want to take the next step and get the testosterone.
 You know, I I'm not playing a female so that was interesting to feel a lot of female energy, but I wasn't contributing to that
 We will we get the senior patio, which is a huge deal because if you're not a senior you're not allowed to be on it as an underclassman. So now we can like kick off all the freshmen and kick off all the cheers.
 gasoline on all the doors and zip tied all the lockers shut and stole all
 I was getting accepted into the Lyca family. So that was nice. She has her core line doll and now I have my Winnie. So it's very cool. But I was really familiar with their stop motion and, you know, in their movies because I felt like I grew up with it kind of because my sister for like seven or eight years, she was voicing core line. And I did get to go to Portland and visit the studios with her.
 in their world. So I knew I was familiar with it. I think they kind of they asked me to do this because they already knew
 Yeah, it's so I love the the the teenage like the girl in it Yeah, and I did get to see where I went to the box trolls When I went to there I went up to Portland and saw the set there and I saw pair of Norman like some of their dolls they have sitting out and the girl is just so funny She has her fingernails or painted pink and she has like a pink tracksuit that's tiny. I'm like and it's real Terry
 I feel like I've never played someone like her before because she definitely is kind of a brat.
 You know like she's she's not someone that you you kind of want to dislike her, but then you don't
 feel you know it's similar because I still prepare in the same way as I still imagine that I'm this person
 and work with the script and feel like I'm still becoming a character, but then it's very different because you don't have your face to rely on. You don't have your eyes to kind of show that emotion and all the layers have to be depicted in the way you sound, which at first was definitely a challenge for me, because I felt like I was really acting with my face. You don't have to do that.
 Just make sure that it it comes out in your voice portrays the emotion so then you get more comfortable with it, but that was that
 I like to play that game when I watch animated films trying to guess the celebrity. I think we're going to stump a lot of people with this one.
 Just seeing how small these things are and realizing that every single thing you see on screen is handmade by the oddest materials and they're all have all these mechanics underneath them.
 can snarl and like everything and everything
 is done by a human touch and you can really tell that there's a lot of heart that goes into it. I think like five seconds takes two weeks to do.
 they do movies that they're not just like, oh, for, you know, funny for kids, like, whatever they like have, like, meaning to them. And they're also, they're very
 I did My Neighbor Totoro with, maybe I was younger, but I did My Neighbor Totoro with my sister.
 And that took her about like seven years she was doing it for that long because it was like as first stop motion that they had done
 What they did so then later when like just a couple years ago and they asked me to do box trolls. I was
 and I like when new creatures are introduced.
 today, I would with my sister, I guess I was kind of trying to get attention, but it never worked because I did it every single year, but I would like pretend that I fell
 completely. I was in shock because I loved all houses when I went I was very young.
 And it was just like miniatures everywhere.
 blew my mind that there were people out there that did this.
 Yes, because I knew everyone and I was just, I loved the boxroll script and I loved when
 she's kind of like an unexpected maybe character for me to play just because I don't know I've ever played anyone like her before she has like this kind of bratty element and she's like slightly spoiled but I liked how
 but then on the inside she's like loves all these little grotesque things
 and that was fun to just be kind of dramatic.
 First, when the audience sees where they might not like her so much, she's a little snooty. But afterwards, she wins you over and you realize what she is and she has a sensitive side and she's just trying to help eggs and get the attention from her dad that she wants.
 Make sure that it's right also I mean with being with other English actors in the film
 okay job so I mean I did have a dialect coach that was with me and she was on set or I guess
 But with me in there and she would, you know, perfect little words and get it right. And we wanted to make, I think that Winnie's was a little more pusher than I'd ever done. Because, you know, she's high elite of the cheese bridge.
 I think so, whenever it happens, I don't know when we're going to film it.
 Yeah, I want I've never read it before so I'll do it. I'll do it. I'll do all the research that I need to do
 such a close bond. I've never really had that with the director being so collaborative. It was like I would show up in the mornings and
 and that was just extraordinary to have and his style and all of his choices and you know the shots it was just so specific and everything meant something was so detailed and was like doing a so artistic like a photograph.
 So mixing that with, you know, the fashion world and these women is just an extraordinary thing. I think the film, you know, having all those very complex themes, it's amazing.
 It's all with girls so and it's not I feel like a lot
 Crazy. So people are just looking at this false image that's not perfect. So then they see a real human being. They're like, oh, you're not perfect. It looks like what you're looking
 I'm not, I'm not, but yeah, she's five four and I'm about five, six and a half, five
 tomorrow, which is very scary for me to think about as well.
 one person because they've grown up together their whole lives been every day with one
 I think for me it was all the different emotions that Ginger gets to go through and I thought it would be
 Completely perfect. I mean, after reading the script, the script is perfect and Sally.
 They're completely different because mine was in the 60s and then hers was more modern in a different area.
 accent, something different I never done an accent before. I was definitely a little nervous about it just because it's something new, but before we started shooting
 The dialogue was Sally didn't want Sandra on set because she wanted to think more about the scenes and the characters and have the dialects sort of be already there. And you know, one less thing to worry about, which it was nice to have it sort of
 I think it was so exciting to see so many different types of people in one film.
 different, totally different personalities, but they all sort of, they work together
 in New York, but she'll come home to LA and we spin it together.
 and decorated that every year I give everyone an ornament in my family. So I have like a special treat.
 and beautiful and even the costumes I got to wear some really beautiful costumes and our costume designer down to like the underwear and socks all from the
 she wants to go to Hollywood to become a star, but she doesn't quite make it there and falls into kind of a dark place and comes back and is born again.
 and becomes an evangelist preacher during the prohibition. And so she's speaking against alcohol and drugs and gambling, which is bad for
 And he's in the scene with you don't feel like he's critiquing you or directing you.
 do we need where is my character going and it kind of just went relied on instincts and the mornings I would show up and he'd be like so what are you what are you feeling today like what do you want to do and I'm like God like
 He made her to come from like a small town, go to a big city, which is what I
 looks skinnier or it's like crazy so people are just looking at this false image that's not perfect then they see a real human being they're like oh you're not perfect it's like what you're looking at is fake so it's kind
 been is Ben Affleck's gonna you know that here's a script that he's gonna direct and that he wrote your cut and he's gonna star in you're like all right yes like whatever
 Great, but I, of course, I've read the script and really, the way that it's written
 the action sequence kind of playing out. It's really so many different things going on in time periods. And obviously, Loretta, she really, you know, stuck out to me. And after reading, I really was like, I hope I get the part.
 So I had to meet with Ben, but yeah, it was really great.
 So well and how to kind of create the best environment to
 facilitate your best performance and to me and to want to just let everyone be creative and
 and he's just so kind of giving in that way. And then as a director, I can't believe his organization and his mind, you know, to have to switch and switch, but when you're
 He is my first day on set. My first scene was the scene with...
 And it was like, it's a very intense scene after I've, like, come back from Hollywood.
 Because I think for a while she didn't really get to face her demons like she should have because she was very
 busy kind of up in the clouds saying these words that she kind of I think believed in the beginning but started to start to trail off and so she didn't really get to face all those like she should have. Maybe it would have worked out better.
 There's a woman, Amy Simple McPherson, which we based a lot of kind of Loretta's look off of her, her white and the big, jeweled crosses and things. And there was YouTube videos that I had watched actually. I was like, this amazing video of her.
 the movie is sort of the lonely more doesn't really have anything to do in his life and then Cleo sort of comes in and she
 You know, taking care of him. She's making him breakfast and things like that. She's being like the mom to him in a way. But yeah, she's just a normal 11-year-old girl. I was 11 when I shot in. So I can relate to her a lot.
 We played Rock Band a lot with Steven because we did a lot of rehearsals.
 it. I think I got like uneasy. I got like a 97 or something. It was not even
 But both of us really had to be like, we play it all the time. So we sort of taught us how to do the whole thing. And yeah, we were jealous of him because he was so kind.
 ice skating. It helps with the balance and posture, but I fell a lot when I was training. I trained for about
 like a huge deal now and it got so big it was sort of not even
 I was too. It's funny because when we were filming it, it was all green screen and there wasn't trains flying above you. It wasn't like that. Also, seeing it for the first time with everything put together, it was crazy. I was screaming. I couldn't believe it looked like that.
 It was exactly like it was on screen really. We had the best time together and we laughed so much. All of them were so cool. I was the youngest one, I was 12.
 that that's what he used to film with when he was a kid with all his friends.
 we try to perfect it so I wouldn't be you know when we started filming that was just already there so I wouldn't be thinking about that because the audience can definitely tell that you're you know thinking about that one
 you indicated she we did our actions were different because mine was in the 60s and hers is more modern
 each other tips but hers was I thought was impeccable she had such a good
 I did a little bit, but I also, I, Sally grew up in that time. So, from that, I sort of picked her brain about what it was like and sort of growing up in the time of how it was so scary.
 Then the original animated version, Sleeping Beauty, and that one, Rosh, is very
 Yeah, everything that you think of Princess is in kind of all those characteristics she definitely has.
 But in ours she still is that way and she loves everyone and it's very open and she's not afraid
 and she's like, everyone's normally so scared of me, but Aurora, she knows she hasn't learned.
 She hasn't learned to be scared of things that look odd or, you know, creatures that have horns. And it's nice for Aurora, and this one she has more depth. And obviously, there are a lot of secrets that are kept from her. You know, she thinks both of her parents are dead, and she lives kind of very isolated in this cottage with her three fairy aunties. And so she doesn't really know much about, you know, outside of the forest.
 And it's nice that I could bring, you know, more layers to her and have more strength than just kind of the pretty, pretty princess.
 a snails are poodle mix dog and I also have a palette
 to go to classes, so I always have to throw it up. But mostly, I just like, I twist it.
 mega supermodel and so she would she would inform
 And I kind of had one. Well, last year, the boy who asked me, he was a junior.
 with your car. So he called me at school one day and he was like, I got in a car accident, come down to my car. And I'm like, oh gosh, I go in panic mode. I'm like running down.
 And then he was in the front seat and he was like, can you look in the back trunk to get a toolbox?
 The only difference is her knees were pulled out of up to her chest.
 redecorating my house. I'm always being created. I find that
 but Tennessee Williams and his beautiful writing is wonderful.
 all its forms. If I'm not doing a play or a picture I'm photographing or I'm writing
 but Tennessee Williams and his beautiful writing is wonderful.
 have old friends that I rely on that are part of my life and have been for
 and it's about people relating and trying to overcome
 We haven't started yet. I mean we're just beginning to talk about casting. I was offered the part
 And then as I was reading it, I started envisioning scenes, and then I told the writer and the producer about the scenes I was envisioning, and they liked it, and then I said, well, why don't I direct it?
 a filming artist doesn't live here anymore and the actress is opened in Tucson. So it was around my birthday. So I threw a party for the cast and crew of Alice
 and I got up and followed her and she got to the top of the wrap of the aisle and she fainted and I went over to help her and I loosened
 And I remember one morning I left town.
 The first one. I left town because I was so excited about it. I thought I really must calm down. So I made myself take a drive and not listen.
 When I got home, I had a bouquet of flowers all over my doorstep, so I knew I was...
 Most of the times that I was nominated, I was working in between.
 but it's hard not to, it kind of takes over your mind.
 Well, I wasn't there. I was on Broadway and same time next year.
 Well, they would let me off. But I didn't think it was fair because the people waited so long and they got tickets sometimes through for months ahead of time.
 It was fun. We were shooting in Pittsburgh and I like Pittsburgh very much.
 wonderful person to work with. And the rest of the cast, too, I love my daughter, Julianne Moore, she said. I think new, exciting, beautiful.
 know it's a movie about relationships and there aren't too many of those around
 I'm glad to see that it got made and I hope
 I still get letters. It wasn't the most successful movie I did, but I still get letters.
 use it in their workshops and on healing and on dying. And a lot of people had told me that they were with their parents when they died because of having seen the movie. And I think it's changed people's attitude that people have been exposed to it. A lot about death.
 And I used to play always good mothers, lately I've been playing bad mothers.
 You know, there are a lot of really wonderful actresses who are
 Because they're at the rules for them. So I don't think there's a lack of
 You know, it's not just that they're not running the parts, I think it's a reflection of our culture.
 When I made Dallas doesn't live here anymore in 1974, there weren't any films being made from a woman's point of view. It was a kind of watershed picture and I think that's changed over
 Actresses have taken it upon themselves to make their own work.
 When you work in a film where you don't have much to do, that's when you don't really know what to do with yourself. When you have a story where there's a lot happening and there's a lot to work on, that's when it becomes very challenging.
 We're all sworn to secrecy. We can't talk about it. It's a space travel. I think I can say that. Sci-fi is big.
 Yeah, that is wonderful. There are a lot of actors.
 I think so. I haven't seen it, but I saw Matthew McConaughey at the Emmys. I said am I still in the film because I had such a small party could be cut. He said, you're in it. I've seen it. It's great.
 I think I've been very good about getting my goals in mind what I want
 But I don't think I've ever been called on to really sacrifice.
 here so I get to come and visit her. My brother used to live nearby so I came
 to see him. So I feel very at home here. And then I hear that it's the oldest film festival. I didn't know that in the world.
 I had no idea that it was as popular as it is. I mean, only since it this season opened last week, have I been getting reactions, like I've never gotten for anything I've ever done in my career? I mean, I can't walk my dog without
 It's a hugely popular show and the people.
 No, I did to don't now be one season.
 because I have to watch so many shows for voting. But I did watch, if you have these shows, and liked it very much. But I had no idea that it was what it is to people, which is a stop.
 Now, though, I have a script called Baving Flow that I just love, and I want to act in it and direct. That's a new challenge I'm looking forward to. And, you know, we're in the process of raising money, which is the hardest thing I've ever done.
 that she felt inside that she needed to express, to test herself.
 The priests who were working in the film were very active on the set, blessing the set and us.
 and they're both really wonderful films and my television series will be aired
 that's life and I'm just having the best time I've ever had my career. I work every day and having a steady job.
 It's nice to come back to television with such good writing and good
 an experience on its own. We saw the film for the first time in its entirety
 Their fans of Scott Pilgrim and that just was so overwhelming that we got to sit there together as a cast and kind of experience it for the first time in that environment, you know, because you're there with people who are really passionate about the project and the
 They wanted it to be good and they were and it was the reception was amazing. They loved it. They laughed at all the right parts.
 It got support were both comfortable with our weapons and I think that was most important is that we were we didn't feel like we were holding foreign objects in our hands and
 was really important and key to us being able to sort of deliver the choreographer
 and that with the help of the amazing stunt team, we just, I hope
 Yeah, I would she's campaign because you know, I think it's really cool that she's a girl drummer and she's just kind of sitting there. She observes everything and she's just
 And I think that's just cool because, you know, I guess it's sort of in a way opposite of knives.
 because she's just so involved with everything and Kim is sort of, she sits back and kind of just takes it in.
 Yeah, well, I mean, even right going right into shooting Brian had an
 This fifth look, yeah. And he was still, you know, going through that.
 and then I think it was during production we got to read that and then the six book just
 It got support. We were both comfortable with our weapons and I think that was most important is that we were we didn't feel like we were holding foreign objects in our hands and
 It reminds me a lot about the sort of John Hughes films in a way that the sort of ensemble cast coming of age story and I think that's what's really great about Scott
 about being able to play knives is that we can just sort of let loose and allow myself to purely and
 You know, like it to show that's fun, but it's also
 she was and stand up for herself and to really know what it is that she wanted in her life.
 in a lovely note to Ana Sofira, Ron, let's carry Bradshaw. So that was really sweet and I know.
 I wanted to see growing up that I never really got to see grace the screens.
 different life at home. I mean, she's Chinese American and it's
 and carried diaries, the writers, the entire team behind the scenes on the show have been really great.
 happens, you know, happens to everyone and that's where, when everything is sort of a thing.
 and we're not trying to be sexy in the city, but again we do have a lot of the
 a lot of them worked also on the sex and the city. So we do have the support of that and them putting in their input too.
 It's been a blast just working on the show. It's essentially a prequel to Sex and the City. All the same creators on board. Kenneth Bushnell wrote the book and now it's a TV show and we're really excited about it. It's essentially Carrie Bradshaw in her formative years.
 the mouse and I asked Candice Bushnell that and she was just very nonchalant about it. It was just one of those things that kind of stuck she had a friend and they kind of started calling her mouse for some reason. And so I think it's sort of the same thing. I mean with with with mouse into the carry diaries, she's got this sort of way of kind of figuring things out. Like she plans everything out and she like gathers information
 of a mouse in a way so and plus she gets to wear all these really fun mouse pins on all of her outfits so she has a different mouse pin for every outfit so that's also a reason why that she has that nickname but she's also carries loyal supportive friend and she's pragmatic and also she's got her life sort of planned out
 realizes along the way that that's not exactly the best way to live your life.
 exist in life and life would be so bland without romance you know it's love it's what we need it's what we hate but also what
 sex in the city left such a legacy you know and I hope that we can bring on the same fans but also Norish and develop new fans for this show because it's also geared towards a younger demographic but it's also taking a great character a woman who was just so confident and unique and okay and had a great sense of self and was
 majored in film and television and kind of were the business side of it.
 And then after I finished school, that's when I was like, okay, now is my time to really kind of.
 and put it on screen, how do you share it with the world? And that, to me, was always fascinating. So after I finished school, I finished university, I decided to just actually quit all my jobs. And my parents are always crazy because I had a job offer to after school, and I was like, no, I'm not going to do it. They're like, what?
 you know, like they just couldn't fathom the fact that I didn't want to be working, but I was like, but I am working. I am auditioning.
 So, I mean, I think it's kind of hard for people to...
 I asked them to understand it first, but I mean, for me, it was something I really needed to
 harassment, understand it first, but I mean, for me, it was something I really needed to pursue.
 She just called me up and said there's a really great role you should go out for. So I put myself on tape at first. I didn't have too much time to kind of check
 what Pratcho and Ponderiti cry out in Thailand at Barham, what they kind of put out there. It's just amazing.
 It's a film but at the same time I think it's a piece of art because there's so much coming at you visually.
 You know sort of this uninhibited girl like she's just so much fun and full of energy and and she's just got this genuine love of life And so that was what initially attracted me to her and then after I remember because that's how I when I first auditioned for her For the role that's kind of this side of knives that I had to show and then when I looked at
 I just thought you know wow she's really cool because she's got so many sides to her and you get to really sort of see her growth and and so I thought that was really
 I remember shooting that time when we were shooting that scene too was fun because we got to sort of do the concert scene.
 And we couldn't help but keep laughing. So I just remember like it took us so long.
 I think it was really important for all of us to to have read the series before getting into the shooting part of it because we we tried to stay so you know true to Ryan Leo
 just about had his own Caribbean islands? Not once, but three times. Three times! Members of Parliament proposed Anna
 her first time going through it, you know what I mean? So you're getting the purest, most uninhibited feelings ever being shown to you. And I think that's what makes her different.
 and you'd like, he'd like, take me and be like, to get master it. So by the time you get here, I wanted the first one.
 Yeah, oh absolutely, you know, I've been I've been writing some scripts for the past couple of years and
 You know the movie I kind of want to make I wrote this script called Shaq and it's just like this movie takes place in one location and I just thought it would be fun to make for like no money with some friends You know get him you get to make a movie before you make a movie in a
 sense. You know, you can make something on a super, super low budget small camera with your
 I just remember really being struck by the sense of adventure and like morning
 you're in and you're like I didn't really feel like I got to know that period that well. But one of the joys about working with Ang Lee is that his beautiful mind and his kind of obsession with every little facet of the detail of the period really rubs off on to everyone else and you really find yourself learning a lot more about the
 than you ever thought you would. And that was something that happened with me and I found myself really, you know, consuming
 material that he would give me you know a lot of the different DVD and he sent me probably
 that Heath Ledger had and broke back Mountain that I really liked and that was a performance that I was also directed. There were some of that, you know, the Billy's not a gay character, but there was something about the kind of internal conflict
 the deer hunter where I was like oh that's a great moment that maybe Billy could have
 It's the sound of the gun that puts you in that state. It's hard to think that without actually knowing what it sounds like.
 seems to kind of have that snap quick awareness reaction because before I remember I tried it in rehearsal before I go
 those little subtleties that maybe a lot of the people in the audience when they watch if there's if it's not there they won't consciously know but what Ang is so he's part of his genius is filling in all
 question marks to where when people watch it, it just has this feeling of kind of honesty and perfection and truth.
 to success with their work, it just shows a discipline and a passion and a rigor that is only beneficial in my opinion.
 If not more a conversation, just about what kind of shoes Billy should wear.
 You know, that's just an example of the kinds of details that we would talk about. You know, and we would have hours just talking about what kind of, what kind of person Billy was. We would create whole stories in our minds about who Billy was and what had happened to him and why he feels a certain way.
 I just I loved it. I mean because I I'm very similar in the sense that I love to obsess about my character when I work on
 process when it was actually really, really spare. I think kind of, Paul and I were both really prepared and ready to go, but I think
 We knew the material enough to where we could perform the scenes, but they still had like a fresh just kind of just out of
 exactly the tone of the scenes because you want to capture that naturalism where people watch and they're like oh I believe these characters I believe these are real people I like these guys but at the same time you know you want to be
 and stuff like that. And sometimes there's moments where it goes against being a hundred percent.
 an exciting kind of thriller experience, you know, with like sci-fi action and
 just the setting of Moscow and this kind of different visual language with the 3D that people haven't normally seen and I think it's going to also be pretty scary you know I think hopefully
 you know, the best elements of JAWS and that kind of, where is this creature, where is this thing? I hope we can bring some of that to the screen and I think that that'll all make up for a pretty good time.
 they told me that Olivia was already attached and that was definitely a really big
 influence on me wanting to do the film. I really liked a lot of her performances and I thought she was just a
 I'd seen her in a couple, I'd seen her in a play with Chris Pine and a really good play.
 North and I really liked your performance there and I liked your Juno.
 I just thought it would be pretty fun to work with an actor who's never really made a movie like this.
 in that way. And she's been having a really interesting time and just kind of adapting to this.
 I don't know why it works, but I know when I feel like it's not working.
 film and the opportunity to get to work with him and he's made so many classic films over the years and
 He's just not only a great director, but he's just a hilarious, wonderfully
 I don't think I've ever played a character that was probably as amoral in a certain sense.
 but at the same time, it sounds really dark, but there's also, you know, this dark humor to it.
 I think that everybody's got, you know, their light sides and their dark sides and their good days and their bad days. So, you know, it's kind of examining the text.
 you know, version of it. And studying that part, you know, there's so much of that moral ambiguity and the kind of, you know, he's so conflicted about whether or not to
 people and who does he love and who does not love and I think that that really helped me when it came
 You know, a lot of the guys I grew up with, you know, I lived in Topanga, California.
 which is kind of kind of a rural community. And you know, there was times where I remember, you know,
 Once you are kind of, you know, in that environment for long enough, you know, the trailer becomes its own
 There is a lot of nuance to it, and there is the highs.
 I had worked with, um, uh, on Into the Wild, and the character I portrayed in the film, Chris McAlice, had donated his life savings before he went on this kind of exodus that he did, uh, to Oxfam America, the Oxford Famine Relief. It's a humanitarian aid organization. And they had asked me when the film came out, if I'd be interested in going
 to a part of the world. In this case, it was the Democratic Republic of Congo. And they show you the programs that they have, you know, with, you know, the water, you know, clean water and
 wells and food distribution and support for rape victims and some of the rape clinics that they have out there. And then you come back and hopefully you can spread the word about what they do and they really do a lot of really
 the freedoms they have, the luxuries they have, everything you have that you take for granted, take tap water for granted. I was staying in one of the nicest hotels in the Congo and it barely had running water when I was there. And then we went to another part and I talked to a guy who was
 appreciate everything you have and realize that a lot of people have it a lot worse off and that was what I
 You know, but you can see that anywhere though, you know, you can see that on the corner. There's homeless people everywhere.
 because he was there, you know. That would be a good title. The guy who talks about it because he won.
 of me that wants to engage in that way and do what I can. Sean Penn has a relief organization that he started.
 J.P.H.R.O. and Haiti. And he asked me to go to Haiti last year in May. And I went to Haiti for 12 days and stayed at a camp that he's working with. And, you know, there's 55,000 people that are in this camp that J.P.H.R.O. is one of the leading kind of managerial
 I've always looked up to Sean and working with him has been a big milestone for me.
 YouTube, which I did a lot before I got my wisdom teeth out because I was a little
 You know, that was nervous about the whole procedure, and I'd never been put under anesthesia.
 million hits and the other video David to the dent David goes to the dentist has got like a hundred million
 skateboarding it's not like like like a snowboarding or surfing, you know, it's concrete
 in a certain way, especially with the car. Occasionally, I like to do the more extreme sports and things like that. But not too safely, though. I climbed Mount Kilimanjaro.
 he's Ethiopian and his father is Ethiopian and he's from there and they wanted to put together a charity to help
 and Jessica Bielin. We all got together and, you know, we set up.
 and sitting around an apartment in L.A. during your, you know, staring at a blank white wall.
 their values that I have grown into having. I don't necessarily know that their values that were instilled in me, but as I got older, I got into it more and more with the work I've done.
 My name is Emil Hirsch and I was just told that I'm going to be given the opportunity to play Speed Racer and Larry and Andy Wachowski's new movie Speed Racer, going to be produced by Joel Silver and just super excited ever since I was a kid I wanted to be in a movie like this with guys like Larry and Andy who made the Matrix
 racing you know in America everybody has a car so everybody can kind of be speed in a weird way you know one of the one of the dangerous parts about the audition process for me was I'd get into the character of speed and I'd like start thinking about it and I'd be like driving home after the audition like
 This is Sean Penn and I know it wasn't a crank phone car because I'm pretty good with voices.
 an extraordinary book. I don't know if you guys have read it into the wild by John Krakow as a fent
 I wouldn't classify myself as a boy scout, but I did have a certain amount of outdoors experience. I spent a lot of time in Santa Fe, New Mexico.
 doing all the kind of outdoorsy, you know, trails and mountain biking.
 Into the wild is a film written directed by Sean Penn, which basically
 And after college, he donated all of his money to Oxfam charity, his whole life savings, $24,000, and he dropped off the map.
 living out of a tent, out of homeless shelters, hitchhiking everywhere. But he was very smart. You know, he read this very sophisticated philosophy, like Tolstoy and Thoreau, which fueled it. And his ultimate adventure was to go into Alaska and live off the land with almost no supplies, which he did for
 Remember for a really long time, you know, this is to me one of the greatest
 Yeah, yeah, yeah. I watched Cartoon Network. They were rerunding it. So I would always be watching Speed Race or Growing Up. I would watch it with my cereal and then I would pour the soda and
 kicking and screaming on the floor is my agent will go down and discuss and then you know you just
 a huge robotic arm that can like you sit on it and there's like a seat and it just thrashes you around and can spin you around and it mirrors the movement of a car and it's all on a green screen background and it's not just and it gives you whiplash
 I was like, that looks real. I mean, the effects in this movie have got to be
 They would show me some artwork. Maybe like, okay, this is what's going to happen.
 conservative driver. All my friends were laughing when I got the part because they all know me as like the grainy
 It was like the most amazing actor you could ever be around. I mean, you're just so riveted by his every movement.
 You know, I felt that I wanted to kind of get mechanics. I wanted to be true to who he was as a person. I didn't want to just throw the character out the window and do my own interpretation or anything.
 kind of touches upon as something that exists within us all, you know, that yearning quest for adventure.
 into the wild was such a long, hard shoot that I think I just went into speed racer with a lot
 two story and it just really struck a chord with me and it seemed like a character that I never really played you know. I wasn't used to playing a tough guy or ever even
 and it was very complicated psychologically you know I was trying to let on but not too much
 of my favorite scenes it ended up being that way but I remember there was like one of the first takes and they were like action and I just like
 that it gets people a lot more self-conscious about the
 He was like, all right, well, let's see how about you want to do this. I'm not giving you the role. You train at this pro camp that I selected a pro camp for athletes six days a week at 6 a.m.
 Five or six hours of training a day, which is insane.
 Marcus is a very intelligent man and a very detailed oriented person and he wanted nothing less than absolute action
 It's an incredible story and a great monument to men and women in uniform and people who serve and people who are willing to make those sacrifices. And they should be appreciated. They shouldn't get lost. And it's a 24-7 news cycle that we have these days where it's like you hear about something about on the news. And two days later, it's not even in your mind.
 This is a chance to really appreciate a really special group of people that have made some huge sacrifices for
 He's great confidence. He's so much confidence. He's a great man.
 a kind, intelligent person who I really, really admire.
 He knew how to navigate the relationships with all the families.
 phone in a really genuine respectful way where people didn't feel like no one was being short-changed or taking advantage of or anything like that. They really supported Pete and they got behind
 and they like it so it's like kind of like mission accomplished a little bit we sort of feel because I know for Pete
 A group of people he wanted to like the movie. He told me that before we even shot. He said that's what all that matters is.
 You know, I tried to just learn as much as I could about him, you know, through the family. I got to meet with Walton, Billy McAnlis, Chris, his parents.
 You know, try to read a lot of the philosophy that Chris was reading at the time. You know, there's Walden by
 and you know essays and poems by Ralph Waldo Emerson. So there was that kind of philosophical background and the call of the wild by Jack London was really
 and that wanderlust that exists within us all that I feel is one of the bigger people.
 to the book and now the film. You know, if McCannless had had, you know, personal problems and just ran off next door and, you know, built train sets, no one would have
 Not as close his watch. He had a gold watch that he gave to Jim Gallion when Jim Gallion let him off on the Stampede Trail 14 years before. And in the film, Jim Gallion plays himself dropping me off onto the Stampede Trail.
 came to set and he actually had a gold watch that Christmast cannellus had given it to him 14 years before.
 me the gold watch because he thought I should wear it. So I had the gold watch
 he just viewed Alaska as the biggest challenge on his plate.
 Core survival, you know core independent survival that he wanted to test himself to challenge himself on the hardest terrain he could find and now to him was alive
 Um, well, you know, I just, I just tried to plan for who I thought he was. And, you know, if people feel that way, they're more than entitled and welcome to feel that way. You know, there's nothing wrong with feeling like that. I don't think that's just a perspective on him.
 No, I don't I don't feel like I short-changed or you know gave me canless a phone book to phone book to sit under
 all, you know, to kind of raise him up. I don't think that any of that was going on.
 Make them look better than than he was because he wouldn't have wanted that. This was a guy who had been running his whole life from stuff that he thought was false
 Make them look better than than he was because he wouldn't have wanted that this was a guy who had been running his whole life from stuff that he thought was false and now that you know he was
 best in the races and he's supported by his wonderful family, the racer family.
 He's kind of the cracker Jack knew kind of Maverick on the track racer and all the big corporate conglomerate corrupt people want to kind of sign him.
 I'm actually I'm really hyper aware of how dangerous driving is like all the time like
 It was only 16 days, Prince Abelant. It was just a very fast
 I think that sometimes some of these smaller movies where they don't have enough money to have a big action sequences or necessarily a lot of plot or a lot of locations.
 So that's that's always a benefit for the actors because you get more more more stuff to play and
 benefits to the audience I guess that just depends on what the audience is looking for you know if you're if you want to have a couple of laughs and a really enjoyable time and see if
 I think that this is the perfect movie for you to see. Obviously, if you want to see a robot movie, this is probably
 Yeah, or amping, which is when you're practicing your music, but your camera
 you know they they always say that you know when you have a child it's mind-blowing experience but you always hear that but then of course it
 in the 2020 episode, when I was just a kid, when I was about eight years old, I saw the 2020 episode about into the wild and Christmas canless, and it always stuck with
 He's just a fireball of a guy so to get a call from him is it's kind of
 they're scarier than they would see when you actually get up close to them.
 integrity of the authenticity on whatever he really
 So we would go to all those real locations that Chris McCann was really went to. You know, if there's a scene where I'm going down a river naked and ice water, I would be naked in a river.
 the mentality of the shoot. But the whole crew, we all really, we all bonded as a family, we got into it.
 You know take the risks that the film required but always to be cautious
 it presses their sounds come out so I hit it and it was literally a guy saying lines I had in the movie
 defining moment where I felt like music helped me out.
 The defining moment was probably when my mom used to sing me nursery rhymes.
 I mean, I think that that, I mean, it's kind of a strange answer, but I mean,
 So when I made the film, I was very, I kind of already knew a lot of that hippie culture and a lot of that whole world.
 and it was just like a music festival kind of crafts and all the
 and just the novelty of that in a sense, but it was also like a little
 like zooming on my crotch and some take but everyone
 Mae'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd. Mae'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n
 Mae'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd
 an amazing cause. I actually recently visited a children's hospice and it really kind of, until you see, you know, first hand what actually goes on in the incredible people that raise money for these sorts of things, it really, really kind of hits home how important these
 Well, as I say, it's one of those things until you see it first hand.
 Mae'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n
 Mae'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n
 Mae'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith
 Yeah, so I'm just kind of getting back into the real world now. I'm kind of trying to get rid of my tall habits and yeah, just getting back into the real world.
 Yeah, I've just had the most incredible eight weeks doing that. Yeah, so I'm just kind of getting back into the real world now. I'm kind of trying to get rid of my tall habits and yeah, just getting back into the real world.
 Mae'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd. Mae'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd
 Yeah, I've got a film coming out called Lies We Tell, which comes out kind of a little bit later this year after the summer, I reckon, maybe beginning of the winter.
 I haven't been done the emitories for a long time now, but it's just so nice to see it continuing and watching it. I can now be a fan.
 Oh, I love it. Yeah, I love the film. I love the first film and I think
 my first film, so I was thrown at the deep end really, but best way to do it. Yeah, and I was saying earlier that, you know, I started out as such a huge fan of these people, now that I had my friends.
 Mae'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd
 just that little bit more excitement and I didn't think I could feel any more excited about a job.
 Mae'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith
 Yng Nghym Llywodraethau'r yng Nghym Llywodraethau yng Nghym Llywodraethau yng Nghym Llywodraethau yng Nghym Llywodraethau yng Nghym Llywodraethau yng Nghym Llywodraethau yng Nghym Llywodraethau yng Nghym Llywodraethau yng Nghym Llywodraethau yng Nghym Llywodraethau yng Nghym Llywodraethau yng Nghym Llywodraethau yng Nghym Llywodraethau yng Nghym Llywodraethau yng Nghym Llywodraethau yng Nghym Llywodraethau yng Nghym Llywodraethau yng Nghym Llywodraethau yng Nghym Llywodraethau yng Nghym Llywodraethau yng Nghym Llywodraethau yng Nghym Llywodraethau yng Nghym Llywodraethau yng Nghym Llywodraethau yng Nghym Llywodraethau yng Nghym Llywodraethau yng Nghym Llywodraethau yng Nghym Llywodraethau yng Nghym Llywodraethau yng Nghym Llywodraethau yng Nghym Llywodraethau yng Nghym Llywodraethau yng Nghym Llywodraethau yng Nghym Llywodraethau yng Nghym Llywodraethau yng Nghym Llywodra
 Turn down to work with those people again. They're just incredible. The writers are amazing and yeah, hopefully
 Mae'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith
 of guys who get themselves into trouble with a casino house. It goes wrong. They end up ripping off the wrong people. I play a lady who bridged it, who's here to stir trouble amongst the boys.
 Mae'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith
 Mae'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith
 Well, apparently it does. Apparently this role does come naturally to me, not complaining at all. They're my favourite kinds of roles. And yeah, apparently it's what I'm good at. So yeah, I love playing those kinds of roles.
 Yng Nghym Ysgol Ysgol Ysgol Ysgol Ysgol Ysgol Ysgol Ysgol Ysgol Ysgol Ysgol Ysgol Ysgol Ysgol Ysgol Ysgol Ysgol Ysgol Ysgol Ysgol Ysgol Ysgol Ysgol Ysgol Ysgol Ysgol Ysgol Ysgol Ysgol Ysgol Ysgol Ysgol Ysgol Ysgol Ysgol Ysgol
 Mae'r yng Nghymru'r byddai'r yng Nghymru'r yng Nghymru'r Yng Nghymru'r Yng Nghymru'r Yng Nghymru'r Yng Nghymru'r Yng Nghymru'r Yng Nghymru'r Yng Nghymru'r Yng Nghymru'r Yng Nghymru'r Yng Nghymru'r Yng Nghymru'r Yng Nghymru'r Yng Nghymru'r Yng Nghymru'r Yng Nghymru'r Yng Nghymru'r Yng Nghymru'r Yng Nghymru'r Yng Nghymru'r Yng Nghymru'r Yng Nghymru'r Yng Nghymru'r Yng Nghymru'r Yng Nghymru'r Yng Nghymru'r Yng Nghymru'r Yng Nghymru'r Yng Nghymru'r Yng Nghymru'r Yng Nghymru'r Yng Nghymru'r Yng Nghymru'r Yng Nghymru'r Yng Nghymru'r Yng Nghymru'r Yng Nghymru'r Yng Nghymru'r Yng Nghymru'r Yng Nghymru'r
 Mae'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd
 Do you know what? It was so fun. I was kind of nervous before.
 It's a comedy. It's very rude. It's about a couple who are engaged
 Mae'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n
 Mae'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith. Mae'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith. Mae'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith. Mae'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith. Mae'n gwaith i'n gwaith. Mae'n gwaith i'n gwaith. Mae'n gwaith i'n gwaith. Mae'n gwaith i'n gwaith. Mae'n gwaith i'n gwaith. Mae'n gwaith i'n gwaith. Mae'n gwaith i'n gwaith. Mae'n gwaith i'n gwaith. Mae'n gwaith i'n gwaith. Mae'n gwaith i'n gwaith. Mae'n gwaith
 I do. I think that America do it very well. Yeah, there's so many amazing, beautiful, funny women in America. I feel like Brits are quite repressed when it comes to that sometimes. There is definitely a bit of sexism going on that people think women can't be funny. I like to think it's changing. I hope it is
 We just have to kind of do our best in all the work that we do and enjoy the work we do and stick our fingers up to anyone who says
 Mae'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n
 change the history of comedy with David Brent. He created a whole new kind of genre and a whole new mannerisms and ways that people speak to each other, which I find fascinating. He changed the history of time. There goes David Brent. I must remember to thank
 because there's something so endearing about it. I think the thing about great comedy is that it's got to have a real heart to it and I think when somebody makes that much of a fool of themselves and but they think they're smashing it that's the thing they think they're nailing it and they think that everyone likes they think they're really cool and actually behind their backs people are
 So I think, yeah, I think it's quite endearing and I think people like that. I think that's what makes him so likable, even though he's a letchy old fart that gets everything wrong. I think people really, you really root for him because it is endearing and he's just trying to be pals with everyone. He's trying really hard and there's no malice in it. He's just trying really hard and I think that's what people like.
 I've got a few things I'm filming the Tracy Almond sketch show at the moment, which has been really fun. I've just got back from the Cotswild's filming Father Brown as well. And I've got some films coming out that I should be promoting very soon. So yeah, it's all good. I've worked a lot this year. I've been really lucky this year.
 Oh God, he was amazing. I was a bit disappointed. I didn't actually have any scenes with him, but I met him on set and he was great. I've been so lucky. The last few jobs I've had, I've worked with some absolute legends. My next goal is Ricky Gervais, so hoping to kind of near him in tonight.
 Mae'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith
 I do. I think that America do it very well. Yeah, there's so many amazing, beautiful, funny women in America. I feel like Brits are quite repressed when it comes to that sometimes. There is definitely a bit of sexism going on that people think women can't be funny. I like to think it's changing. I hope it
 We just have to kind of do our best in all the work that we do and enjoy the work we do and stick our fingers up to anyone who says
 Yeah, well, I play Lydia, who is Kyle's fiance, and he goes on his stagdo.
 she's trying to get intimate with him and he's just not having any of it because he doesn't want her to know obviously that he's contracted an STD. So it shows all the hilarious things he has to do to kind of distract her from wanting to have
 Yeah, and he has to retrace the steps and find out where this STD came from. So, yeah, no, I just, I read this script. I thought it was really funny. It's an original idea. I don't think I've ever heard of a film doing something like that. So, yeah, and I just, I really love the part and I like, I love the relationship with Lydia and Kyle. I think it's sweet. And it's actually quite sad watching the breakdown of their relationship, because I think there was a lot there in the beginning.
 Well, I don't think in any other kind of wedding
 involved this particular subject of catching an STD. You know, you think there's going to be, in all these kind of romcoms, you think it's going to be a happy ending, they're going to get married and it's all going to be lovely. But, you know, when you watch this film to our knowledge, this guy is cheated on his fianc, it's kind of like, you know, it's a bit dark, really. So you kind of wonder if there really is going to be a happy ending. I think with other films, you kind of know there's going to be a happy ending and it's all going to be lovely. But with this one, you just
 was so great working with Philip Martin. They are absolutely hilarious. We're filming a new castle for quite a long time and we just had so much fun. It was so, so fun. I made great friends with them and we were right three. I was going to say three, but that would be weird. But no, yeah, we had so much
 was actually on screen, it was still really fun, but it was more
 talk about that fun the next day on set and yeah there were times where they both kind of ganged up on me a little bit but I didn't
 Yn gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r
 Oh God, he was amazing. I was a bit disappointed. I didn't actually have any scenes with him, but I met him on set and he was great. I've been so lucky. The last few jobs I've had, I've worked with some absolute legends. My next goal is Ricky Gervais, so hoping to kind of near him in tonight.
 two brothers who are kind of lovable rogue characters.
 Mae'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r
 Mae'n gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r
 Mae'n gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r
 Like, thank you. I mean, Luke, try to make it.
 I think because he just tries so hard, you can't knock him out for trying that.
 No, I honestly had never put on a pair of ice cakes in my entire life and then I got the phone call sales being
 Oh, completely for me, especially, yeah. And so, yeah, I was picked. It was amazing. It was one of the most incredible experiences in my life.
 Mae'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd. Mae'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd
 You know, any sort of some women might be offended by those kind of comments.
 Mae'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd
 It was a dream, an absolute dream job. I'm so lucky. I still can't believe that I actually did that job.
 You know just every day with those guys was
 Possibly what's going on next. Yeah, quite a few stuff. So if I'm not really out to talk about actresses always say
 yourself tape so it's hilarious because you have to just kind of do it so quickly get it done in your bedroom as quickly as possible so you have to get rid of all your clothes at a
 We've just done a film with Misha Barton in New York. Yeah, we filmed partly in London and partly in New York, so that was really good. I really enjoyed it, so that would be out I think maybe in a year's time films take forever.
 So, you know, actually happened. See, yeah, that was great. I've got another film coming out called I Beether Undead, which is
 Mae'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd
 Yeah, well in the horde I play Molly. She's Misha's friend. Misha plays the girl called Ella and I really love playing that character because she's very ballsy and she's a really fun character, quite playful, you know, quite tongue-in-cheek in moments. So yeah, she was really fun to play. Nice costume too.
 Mae'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd
 changed the history of comedy with David Brent. He created a whole new kind of genre and a whole new mannerisms and ways that people speak to each other, which I find fascinating. He changed the history of time. There goes David Brent. I must remember to thank
 because there's something so endearing about it. I think the thing about great comedy is that it's got to have a real heart to it and I think when somebody makes that much of a fool of themselves and but they think they're smashing it that's the thing they think they're nailing it and they think that everyone likes they think they're really cool and actually behind their backs people are
 So I think, yeah, I think it's quite endearing and I think people like that. I think that's what makes him so likable, even though he's a letchy old fart that gets everything wrong. I think people really, you really root for him because it is endearing and he's just trying to be pals with everyone. He's trying really hard and there's no malice in it. He's just trying really hard and I think that's what people like.
 When you're dealing in a trauma center late at night, you're going to get everything right, because you're going to get all gunshot victims, you're going to get people who've been in high-intense accidents. And a lot of that stuff happens at night time, right?
 i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w
 Mae'n gwrs i'n gwrs i'n gwrs i'n gwrs i'n gwrs i'n gwrs i'n gwrs i'n gwrs i'n gwrs i'n gwrs i'n gwrs i'n gwrs i'n gwrs i'n gwrs i'n gwrs i'n gwrs i'n gwrs i'n gwrs i'n gwrs i'n gwrs i'n gwrs i'n gwrs i'n gwrs i'n gwrs i'n gwrs i'n gwrs i'n gwrs i'n gwrs i'n gwrs i'n gwrs i'n gwrs i'n gwrs i'n gwrs i'n gwrs i'n gwrs i'n gwrs i'n gwrs i'n gwrs i'n gwrs i'n gwrs i'n gwrs i'n gwrs i'n gwrs i'n gwrs i'n gwrs i'n gwrs i'n gwrs i'n gwrs i'n gwrs i'n gwrs i'n gwrs i'n gwrs i'n gwrs i'n gwrs i'n gwrs i'n gwrs i'n gwrs i'n gwrs i'n gwrs i'n gwrs i'n gwrs i'n gwrs i'n gwrs i'n gwrs i'n gwrs i'n gwrs i'n gwrs i'n gwrs i'n gwrs i'n gwrs i'n gwrs i'n gwrs i'n gwrs i'n gwrs
 Mae'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith i'n gwaith
 so it's hard to wear underwear in an ER. I mean those those those pajama type clothes may it's difficult because you got the underwear
 drama film I feature myself and Tom Hopper as two brothers
 It's a drama drawn from a section of John Steinmeck's
 Because it is a quite a sprawling plot that an awful lot happens and things just start to occur and I don't want to give away too much it's have to trust me that it's a
 various rewards in terms of copies of the scripts. You get to come to the screening.
 come and actually be in the film itself because we need extras and certain scenes. We've got scenes of myself and Tom Hopper and if you guys want to come along they'll be great.
 Because it is, it is where most movie takes place and it becomes this kind of vision.
 dark nuances of this psychological aspect of peoples.
 there's a lot of character in it and it's just really, really scary. And when I read it, I was like, this is, this is kind of messed up. And then when you read it and it's messed up, then it's going to be even better when you actually see it.
 for studs. And he said, can I buy your football boots? And I said, why? And he goes, I need a front edition. I was like, well, you can't play football. And he said, no, I can't. It's OK. You can buy boots if I can come. And he goes, OK, fine. So I came along the edition and Paul gave me the part. And then I was doing my finals in college, well, I was on studs for eight weeks, with Brendan Gleese and David Wilmer. So I was running my thesis
 The very start, I almost took Baddie's head off and came out with a lot of bruise knuckles and he had to kind of take me down and go, you don't actually have to kill me. I was like, no, no, this is fun because you kind of feel like you're getting into a proper fight and then you realize
 at very annoyed at each other because I felt that he was messing up and he thought that I was messing up and we ended up getting really into it and almost killed each other for a half an hour or literally doing this fight was very serious.
 I'm not sure. I was cinematographer in a film called Charlie Casanova, which is going to be released in January and February, which
 I actually just love everything to do it and to do it film.
 of as much control about it. It's a different, it's a different way of working, but at the same time it's all the same thing.
 Yeah, I mean, that's a very good example. I think, I think it's because you get experience being on set and being with people and kind of getting
 thing and then you get to kind of you're more aware of how to tell a story I think if you're working
 You're more aware of how to tell a story, I think, if you're working as an actor and you see it from a different perspective.
 I have no idea. I think I joined drama because it was love to
 actually did the soundtrack for the first film. I directed Christian Blake which is released and she did the soundtrack for that. I knew and I did a lot of music for I did a documentary for T.
 and they come from Germany, Australia and Austria just to come down and actually watch your film. And I'm shooting this scene, this is Magnificent Castle and it's kind of like being in a fairy tale. And you're sitting there in France and this is great, kind of an holiday. And then there's about two or three of the people
 and holiday. And then there's about two or three of the people standing there just watching you do your scene.
 really nice it's almost like doing theater in a way and you're doing this scene and you know and then they're all watching they're all really sweet and it's kind of
 I think what they do is have a really interesting take on the whole Arthurian tales and the Camelot era and that kind of thing and they've done a lot of that kind of stuff today
 few of those things before. I think they do a lot, does that have fun with it?
 Jameson, it's the Jameson Empire 62nd Competition, which myself and Jim Sheldon, which is wonderful, are judging, and he did it last year. And I did a couple of years ago.
 you can just go and which are made to make it really interesting at the thing and someone like Jim was going to see it and a friend of mine did it last year and a girl acted in one of the pieces it didn't win but Jim actually saw her and then wanted to meet her just
 i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w i'w
 in New Mexico and that's getting released in the cinema in January and February. We just found out yesterday.
 You know it's actually awesome because everyone's really really cool and some really cool people and I got to meet the guys who've made Rack
 these homeless guys who attack this group of women and these group of girls and then this supernatural creature occurs at the highest, the crescendo of the violence from man to man, then the negative energy basically brings in a creature which has
 Because, you know, it was because you got to look at, from an acting point of view, seeing where it went with these different people, the homeless guys and the girls, but also because I wanted to explore where
 some supernatural creature will come from and whether it draws a disparity between a good person, a bad person, whether like a ghost or a creature will just kill everybody. And I was like, where did that come from? I think it should come from negative energy.
 When I best my team's brilliant, he's brilliant there. As Brian Fortune, he's not a very good friend of mine. All three of us have worked together quite a few.
 I've got like five or six.
 I don't need to choose my own film as an example. What we try to do is a bit of drama and relationship.
 I don't need to use my own film as an example. What we try to do is a bit of drama and relationships and so on.
 There's an awful lot of times you see a breakdown of someone's team of relationship and then something horrific happens and brings people together how they deal with a situation struggle and you can. A drama doesn't really get that across all the time and the horror actually allows to see people in these extreme circumstances and sees what people react to what they'll do.
 the biggest influence I made. And also Rosemary's baby is a very clever film because that also looks at society and looks at the drama of the people and relationships. It's not just about a horror film, it's an awful lot more
 I think I'd like to make my films that way and I think it's important that you can make entertainment and also try and have something through it, even if it's very subtle that someone takes them from.
 I think it's important sometimes to explore negative aspects of society and people's psyche.
 I'll put a number for a counselling on my website and then if you want to go to that person then give it to me.
 I was really excited because I thought the Paula created the character that it was really interesting to me and it was quite dark and quite layered. And then I went, oh God, Resident Evil, I really want to do that.
 I think what Paul does really cleverly is, he understands the games in a way where that's why he's able to create the world so well. But he's done things sometimes, he's created characters himself to fit for how he wants the movies to go, which is what he did with Alice and what he did with my character.
 some moments to some moments when you're kind of like you know going down some corridors and you kind of go and I remember this and then something is jumping out at you're like getting a little bit of PTSD flashbacks from being 15 years old and in my
 time a lot we shot in in the rain and in the darkness we had two or three hundred eggs
 There's a lot of coyotes. I think it's great stunt guy Nathan Barris. He did a great job. But at the same time, when everything is suddenly coming at you, you're kind of a little bit like, oh my God, it's happening. So there's moments when everything's, there's these big fences and all the zombies are trying to get through and you have a vague idea of where your marks are supposed to be. But at the same time, it's instinctual to just figure out.
 That way we had one or two foam things only because when you're doing stuff where you're jumping off
 and stuff are kind of rolling around, you get the foam one, but that was more than that you don't break the prop, not about you.
 I don't look stupid. I just wanted to keep filming stuff whenever he called cut. I just wanted to film everything is going on
 like having a coffee and just talking about the weather and stuff. Yeah, that's it. You know, the atmosphere they create on set, Meal and Paul have a great energy about them and they just make it real.
 consoles, they used to have all the old Nintendo and Xbox and SNES and then come the R64 and all sorts of other playing games and I used to play the
 want to watch because it kind of has everything in it and as a movie I think for me I personally it's the best one and it just ties everything together so I think you can watch this movie if you haven't watch it the 5 if you have watch it the 5
 very first one was like the start of zombies coming back into kind of the movie making. I think they had a little bit
 Not for me, because I was just, I mean, the movie, The Press is all on Meal and Paul. So for me, I was just kind of doing my thing and just kind of, you know, just being accepted by them, hoping to kind of do a good job. But it's afterwards you realize how important it is to a lot of people.
 to be good. Paul wrote this great script. I think me there's like the action star for me for like the last 15 years and Paul
 They just made me feel very welcome. It's a very chill vibe. It's very intense because we're doing these crazy sequences and it's a crazy big set and they make it really chill. And Paul and Mila have their daughter ever in the movies well and Ali's been there for a while so it's a very nice
 They did stick up a couple of the crew with guns. I didn't want to meet any of the people who lived there.
 He has this great way whereby he's doing these incredibly huge sequences. He's got this whole movie mapped out in his head and he just makes it very chill. I never saw him once get stressed. He just makes the whole thing very easy.
 it almost feels like because what we're doing was so hectic and so nuts in terms of the scope for it to be so enjoyable and relaxed almost seems like we're
 ended up, you know, with TC being suspended. So, coming back in the season two, he's still suspended the start
 to being brought it back into the hospital. He's also everyone's aware they had a breakdown. And he ended up talking about a lot of his issues and going through and trying to deal a lot with Jordan.
 look after other people's himself, which is his way of dealing with his own demons and exercising what's happened to him in the past.
 He's very complex because there's also darkness to him, which I think is what people connect to because everyone's got that kind of darkness.
 to, uh, he's trying hard to deal with that and the cope with all these things have happened to him from being in Afghanistan with his brother. And that's hard. And I think that's, he's a very human character and he's, uh,
 I think all the characters really are really identifiable because they're all real people. It's the way that they've kind of created the characters, like Drew and Rogoset and Tofe, that they're real people that kind of you care about.
 It's always much easier when you come back to the second season because you know everybody and so you can kind of mess around with people more and you understand their foibles. Now everyone is a different way
 and you get each other because then you don't even have to act anymore after time because you just feel like talking to your friends.
 fabricating something it's like we understand each other we know who we are and everyone knows who the characters are so no one's ever just kind of falling
 fun right but it's fun but there's also a lot of kind of humor to it but then it's quite energetic and which I think is really important and it's quite real and all the characters
 sucked into something too dramatic all the time and that's kind of lightened a little bit and it goes down again. There's a lot of intensity to it. So there's a lot of kind of energy with it and I think that's the fun thing about this show is because it's always got a good pace to it and that's what makes
 I thought I knew a little bit, but all these books to learn. But we do some really, really, really interesting stuff, like doing akmos and all these things.
 So I got people like John Fong and he's worked in the AR for years. So you do learn about a lot of stuff they wouldn't know about otherwise, which is
 the movie was an initiation to be honest with you. The very first day they threw me on set and we had this big, you know, three-page scene and it's, you know, we're in this massive set and there's guns and I had to do all the dialogue and me, and we had to kind of get really
 great stung guy called Nathan Barras, who's fantastic and did all like a lot of the South African shows such as Dominion and stuff. So he was really on top of it, but they let me do
 are the cool stuff like coming down off the gradings and off
 and stuff. And yeah, he was, uh, all the, most of, unless it came, like, very, very, very fine detail stuff, they let me do a lot of it. But Nathan was great because he oversaw it.
 kind of think I really want to do these stunts and they probably won't let me do it. And then you realize, oh, there's two other people who, if I break my finger or myself, we have to change the scene. So it's not about, you know,
 I mean, she's beautiful, right? I mean, I remember, I mean, when you see me then, fifth element.
 original Resident Evil. She's beautiful and she's still beautiful and she's just the most wonderful person. She's a wonderful actress and I just I adore
 creates that vibe on set where she makes it, you know, everythings.
 I don't get too much. I kind of usually get it when I'm actually going through going through our poor security or going through immigration in America.
 And I used to get really worried going through Immigration America because you guys make it all very, very serious.
 I was texting some of my buddies and I told them I was going to be playing Ellie Gardner's love interest and they were quite jealous.
 Back on Night Shift, we started about two months. I'm doing a movie with a buddy of mine in about three weeks.
 There's only some editing at this top in the tail of the film. The rest of it is all shot sequentially from start to finish.
 analysis to me. I think every time we are in a direct, we have
 explore that, you don't have to worry about other things and then because you understand each other's actors, I know a director
 doing it sequentially allowed people to be free and then see where their characters are going. It wouldn't have worked.
 That's the kind of height of what man can do to the man and then I want to see
 That was like what you're saying about keeping it sequential so I wanted to just get real reactions everything was very real so because we didn't I didn't like I don't really like to do
 dislike for what has happened and for himself, he does not care for TC most important.
 needs to have an outlet to focus on. I think even though Benning may be because he is spending so much time looking after other people, he actually needs to be able to.
 and I can imagine it'd be very, doing it in real life, working for 12 to 14 hours, it would be stressful.
 following certain regulations is frustrating for him because it takes time and it doesn't like.
 a small group of rebels who are kind of just about barely surviving in a cone city and they're exhausted and there's a lot of inner fighting and little factions developing and he's just about keeping together and along with Claire Redfield and he's the two of them are romantically intertwined and they're kind of just about surviving. And Doc is, when me or Alice turn
 Yeah, well, you know, I think he kind of doc looks he's he's reluctant leader and that he's looking after everybody but at the same time is
 It was quite humbling. Dan ever made me feel very, very special and a really nice time. It was a really nice group of people. And I think that's important to do a movie that's kind of, that's this important. It's the last one to franchise and it's this big. You kind of want to work with people
 And so, you know, you're working long hours, and it's difficult and it's tough, but if you get on with people, you know.
 like we're going to do this and you go that's you know they're better at it than I am but if you can get away with it
 old or 14 years old, that's kind of what being an actor is in your head, right?
 or these actors from South Africa who are made up as these zombies. And they, when you have a crowd of group of people at night times surrounded by fire and they're all done up as zombies and their whole mandate is to try and kill
 You know, that can become a little bit freaky because it coming at you through the grading.
 just really let him spy by time with man my Charlie because he worked really hard and inspired by my mom for what she does now she works hard with my sisters everybody you know by my granny
 Last question in the about you section. Have you ever had any funny encounters with fans?
 Quick, from all the places you went to, what was your favorite place to shoot and why?
 I think if my most actors, if when you deal with character, you know, part of it becomes you.
 Are you going to be directing, starring in any more movies or projects in the near future?
 Will you be reprising your role as Grain in Season 5? This question is from Lucy Wood.
 Great, great, that's wonderful. I cannot wait, wait, for what? Great, I for one I cannot wait.
 I'm quite glad about that personally, I'm quite glad. Next question, do you like to travel and have you ever gone to any exotic places from Eleanor?
 that that was a big accident shooting at night time, which is, you know what, I thought in New Mexico was going to be hot. This is cold. This is like as bad
 who was the business on the purpose of the hospital.
 Katsotaan, ett katsotaan, ett katsotaan, ett katsotaan, ett katsotaan, ett katsotaan, ett katsotaan, ett katsotaan, ett katsotaan, ett katsotaan, ett katsotaan, ett katsotaan, ett katsotaan, ett katsotaan, ett katsotaan, ett katsotaan, ett katsotaan, ett katsotaan, ett katsotaan, ett katsotaan,
 that motivating factor, which kind of starts a lot of the clash between the two of them. And then Jordan is kind of the counterpoint between all that.
 Do you have to treat as a business or what? That's the fundamental core of this episode.
 in combat situations and dealing with life and death situations. If you got somebody in a suit telling you what to do, you don't want to listen to that. You don't listen to anybody in a suit telling you what to do, anybody. So that's the fundamental reason why they don't get on. And then Rogosa is telling T.C. what to do and T.C. doesn't agree with them. Because for T.C. it's about saving lives and the hell would everything else. What Rogosa has to treat it
 Because Jordan is there and she's engaged and so you got the whole ex-girlfriend boyfriend type thing or not and they clash a lot but they still carry by each other
 late at night, you're going to get everything right because you're going to get all gunshot victims, you're going to get people in high-intense accidents and a lot of that stuff happens at night time, right? I mean that's realistically when you get a lot of bad accidents, people are tired, you've got drunk drivers, you've got all that stuff and you're also going to get the drive, you're going to get the drives to society all the way to the top. It's going to be I think a whole vast spectrum but it's all the, I think it's some of the
 The characters have to approach it the same way, because life is too short. I think if you see people are dying in front of you, you've got to find the humor in it. Eventually, you've got to find the humor in everything else around you. Otherwise, life's too more venomous.
 place and pull, shoot some hope and just, you know, chill out and just get away from everything.
 You can see all these heart and lungs in John does this great job by this is perfect replicas of like an open heart surgery of like someone's spine and so that's really cool. You see like all this kind of weird jam.
 The nice thing, it's essentially, it's kind of like mash meets E.I. I guess, an auspicesk. It's a more high-octane version of it, of a doctor's show. It's not like anything I ever watched.
 It's very different because you're dealing an awful lot with the night shift which has got very different type of scenarios and you would have in the day shift of a hospital which I wasn't aware of that so I did it.
 So it's got this great mixture of drama,
 and so forth, married to this kind of argument.
 I'm in a situation because you have all, you know, they're all ready to be army. And so in that situation is a nice bit of comedy to it, like my action is a lot of
 And I play a character called TC Callahan, who is an ex-army medic who is in Afghanistan with...
 TC, you know, he suffered an awful lot from when he was.
 So TC is suffering off a lot from having been in Afghanistan and now he's working in the ER and the reason why he works in the ER and the night shift is because he still gives him that
 Dude, who's very quick to anger, but he's a very, very, very smart doctor. But he just does not like being told what to do. So he likes doing things his own way.
 The character of TC is someone who's been in the army but has always been a difficult to follow orders directly so he's always tried to do his own thing and not actually led to him being being
 out of the army, essentially, because he wasn't always following direct orders. So in the ER, TC is a little bit of a maverick in terms of the understands that to do things, and he doesn't usually wait to be told what to do, we'll just do it.
 Well, but TC is always the one who kind of go out and kind of, um, and tofer. They're the ones who go out into the environment too. We're the rescue helicopter to bring people in and they leave the ER and awful lot to kind of bring in patients who are in trouble and so forth. They do, they don't just stay in
 Yeah, I think pretty much every episode so far there's there's a big event and that's what's
 interesting. There's a lot of intensity and a lot of high octane drama going on but it's still got this lovely sense of pace and it's nice.
 and her mom was actually, but after she actually was teaching a pre-nursing module.
 I had to go over her course and my dad was sick for three or four months. So I've actually taught this stuff.
 not the unusual day shift type stuff, but also because of the scenarios it can create with
 to the army and so forth, and everything that goes on at nighttime. It's like that whole idea that, you know, there's a full moon where stuff happens, right? So at nighttime, weirdest stuff seems to happen in hospital, because that's when all the crazies come in. So it's already got that extra element of craziness attached to it, and you get all this stuff with the army, which is a very interesting dynamic, and you've got these army doctors. So everything is more intense, and they kind of dealt with death in a different level.
 It's also quite, it's like mash, you know what I mean? And mash has been around for a long time. So it's got that comedy with a lot of drama with a lot of action. So there's a lot of things
 The show's not really like Raisin' Adaminear because, do you remember the show, Mash, from the 80s? I love Mash, right?
 Do you remember the show Mash from the 80s? I love Mash, right? And this shows more is more kind of associated with that because we got the kind of military aspect. There's also a lot of kind of black humor in our show, which is different. So Grey's Anatomy and NEO are great shows, but they're more dramatic. And ours has the drama, but it's got these different elements. So it's actually quite different.
 The interesting thing is because he's always on the edge because he's been to war and he suffers from pizza.
 on a real guy, a real character and then we have a lot of military people working with the show and it's a military hospital and so all the cases are stuff that actually happens and I think that's what also makes the show interesting
 kind of element to it in terms of all the cases and hyper realism I think it's
 Did you say it is a bit chaotic and a bit action? That's why it's fun. We have two doctors who work in the set all the time.
 and my aunt is a doctor so I spent some time with them and I bought loads of books about loads of books and I didn't read them but I have them there so it makes me feel
 And I think it's interesting whether that medicine looking after somebody does become an actual business and takes away from the amount of human aspect of it. And that's kind of what the two fight against, because TC just wants to save people and doesn't really care about business and authority and all that kind of stuff. And Jordan does. And she needs to look after the actual paperwork and the business aspect of it, because otherwise the hospital will not work. And then it doesn't work.
 He kind of does his own thing, which is incredibly attractive to play as a character.
 and it's incredibly attractive to watch because you're watching someone which is, I think it makes you comfortable to watch somebody who doesn't really care because you don't kind of worry about them.
 It feeds his own feelings of guilt, so he has to. Every single person that comes into
 saving somebody's life because it was almost like saving your own life. It's almost like saving part of his past because of the things that happened to him.
 you know somebody who is so how bent on doing the right thing and so how bent on helping someone else or they're just incredibly certain about what they want to do that you automatically want to support them and that's what it is.
 and Alexander, and that is a very destructible nature. But any more so for Jordan than the ones for T.C. I think actually for T.C.
 make a lot of his friction and problems and so forth.
 And I've heard from a lot of people, friends of mine, that you don't often get that. And the same is on this show that we just happen to have this really great group of people who are by everyone. And the way they cast and put together is really interesting because
 Yeah, I think so. I think it helps. I think the most important thing I think with acting is that you trust the other person.
 from curfew and Danny was the guy who when I decided
 and about acting and so forth when I was studying, so I was studying my life. And then me and myself and Danny started making fun of me.
 we are on screen which is really weird because Ken is very, Ken is very zen and he's got this
 to act with this character, which has been given to me by virtue of what the character is.
 I think just a few people know I am, but everyone's really sweet. And everyone's like, you know, it's nice from people actually.
 I don't do a lot of post-production, make sure it's all perfect, but it only takes a bit of a year, I think.
 It's a very kind of a very surreal place. I mean, I was there recently for about two or three months. I kind of really enjoyed it. I'm a lot of very interesting people, but it's kind of...
 Because everyone's in this kind of very, very concerted bubble of kind of, and it's just all about kind of acting and all that kind of getting there and being on TV and being on film.
 To be honest, I actually was very lucky and I actually met somebody in London who actually was in LA and I went over down to meet them. And then I was kind of who I was actually in the spirit of one of the things that I would go for two weeks if I meet somebody great. And then I just did and then I met an management company, met an agent and then I just
 and some stuff I've done. I've just done studs, I had a few bits and pieces and I did a few more logs for them and then they come
 watching Owen Wilson about before the wedding crashes and he doesn't actually like Owen Wilson and he tell Owen Wilson was
 and then kind of in Avisso and Mark Wahlberg. So he's kind of, he knows a lot of people and he kind of knows.
 and then, basically, he's very private about eight people of class and then, kind of, he...
 I wouldn't put a time limit on it, but I kind of think it's going to do it as long as I'm enjoying it, non-economy, really interesting people. And kind of means going along quite well, so I mean, if it goes that well.
 Well, I directed a film which I'm kind of in post-production at the moment.
 and just to buy mid-summer next year. But that was a big experience.
 The Jamison film festival. I mean, they're a met them at the end of the day and I have to go to the studs thing. They're great because they're kind of really helpful to people who want to get involved in the film. So the competition and the idea is basically anybody can
 and on any medium any format. And basically you got to submit a 60 second advertisement for
 The idea is, if the winner, which I think the entries are going to be in by 24th January, and the winner gets 3,000 euros, plus gets a film shown in the film festival, and then also I think they may be transcribed on to 35 minutes.
 shooting straight after Christmas, some stuff with Jay and then I got to do a few pickups and possession and then I
 see all the big parts and everything, you have to audition for it and usually you might do a tape and then you go to
 I kind of fit in properly because I love the movies and I love the computer games, so I want to do justice. But it was Paul Amina made it very easy. Paul gave me the room and the space to explore the character they wanted to and work with Meola.
 So it just makes everything nice and simple. So there's no, it was very calm. It's a very intense shooting schedule, a very intense set, but it's very calm.
 do that much CGI. I think the vast majority, well I mean there's obviously a bit in terms of enhancing stuff but the vast majority was Paul wanted to go back to shooting the way you would with everything in camera. So he had all these kind of really crazy locations like this. If you remember the really
 That's all, that's not a set. That's all this big building in Johannesburg.
 three stories away and none of that CGI and all the sets they built or not the built they would find these video buildings, rack them and then kind of create the set in there. So a lot of it is just
 And that's again I've still got this memory which which won't leave me which is because when I played the
 the bloody house and you have to open doors and then some jumpsay and you just don't want to and even when you know you have to
 And you just don't want to. And even when you know you have to open the door and you know what the thing is gonna come from it just still gets you every time. So that was my very first memory of Resident Evil.
 He gave me a lot of scope to kind of, I mean, Paul had very, very interesting ideas at this character anyway, so it was kind of easy for me to come in and go cool. He knew what he wanted from the character.
 But he allowed me the freedom to kind of just play with stuff and he trusted me because we shot a lot of it sequentially. So it was like, okay, we're going to, this is where I want the character to go to the end. So he had to kind of trust me to let me play it that way until we got to that part.
 So they sent a telegram to Spain. Same from now on, we want Captain Hans Didrich to have an eye patch.
 You have to look at people, at normal people, who were swayed to go along with that
 Not only that, it does a disservice to those who study history. You learn nothing from it.
 He only learned from how was it possible for that machinery to convince otherwise good and normal people. My father only remembers a good man, but he was very convinced of it between 33 and
 So the question of endosemitism and all that, that came up, but there was a side
 major issue for Hitler but for German society issue. Not important. It was important they had food on their table and suddenly Germany was recognized again again.
 where they show nothing but these carcature Nazis, they have contributed nothing to the understanding
 The reality in North Africa was that Rommel fought with a small group against an entire British 8th Army and beat the crap out of most of them, most of the time. That was the reality. Rapper George turned that around. People often ask me, what do you think about it?
 What all those series did, Rapitro, come back.
 Listen to what I'm saying, it's very important because I feel that that feeling of omnipotence was created by
 The reality of the Second World War was that the Russians contributed enormously, decisively
 Big Morrow and Chris George, and various people,
 that what the hardest most terrible war in the history of
 Because Hollywood had contributed to the notion that we alone won that
 Again, because of this, the appetite of daytime is so enormous. It's so aberricious. It just eats you up unless you gain the right perspective.
 And she said, why don't you use this as a challenge?
 But they said no, no, there's written in stone. You can't change anything as it must be.
 and then West Kinney came, the producer West Kinney. And he's the reason I stayed
 This doesn't make any sense. How about changing is it damn right?
 and Bill knew I changed some things, but he never let it be known.
 and I never changed characters or whatever, nothing like that, but sometimes
 And she asked me, I was rather mysteriously wealthy character, but no one knew exactly what my background was.
 was taken away to be honest with you. I was really, I was just...
 when you do a film or when you try to have television, because you're more isolated. You don't realise the effect.
 but applied to anyone who does night time or theater or film, the differences they don't go out enough.
 I did not realize that what I did made a difference to some people. And this medium and I'm eternally grateful to
 I have always been very welcoming. Anyone who claims different?
 is not telling the truth. I have always welcomed actors coming into the situation.
 And I'm very supportive, especially of young actors, because nobody
 And you're exposing yourself right there, front of everyone to judge you.
 stuff. So I've always been very supportive of actors.
 Once I'm finished with him, you have lost his family, his house, his profession.
 But I can't do it simply very long. We're still laughing.
 taking comes from a very bright family. And therefore, it's a great sense of humor. And we just laugh a lot.
 need a lot of German actors to be in American television programs.
 Having my cloud was with the same agency I had been with, so I knew these people.
 I played a poor Simon character.
 one of my most favorite memories. I love that show. I love everyone
 Charles. John Manthly was the executive producer and he was a hell of a producer.
 and dark, all those professors are wonderful people, very nice people.
 We badly need taxes. When you go to Amsterdam, for example, you go to where the stoner's hangout in Amsterdam, you almost never see a fight break out. If you go to the bars in England, in the sculptor in Germany, fights break out all the time.
 In other words, alcohol induces violent behavior. I've never known a stoner.
 We have 317 million people across the borders from Canada and Mexico every year.
 They have found very little deleterious about pop, and if, for example, someone is found driving a car under the influence,
 So I looked across the street and there was a restaurant row.
 I thought, well, I can do that. So I went and applied. I had a job the next month.
 Scania was one of the restaurants in town at the time, on Sunset Boulevard. And the corner agency, the Paul Cone agency, is diagonally across. So they came to lunch there sometimes. So I got to talking to Walter Coneau, who came with a scarm about that.
 They need a lot of German and young German actors now, for series like Gallant Men.
 simply as a means of making money at first. So they asked me to read something and I did and I was very good at it and the first interview I went to was for a dreadful film called Operation Aichmann. The Israelis, the Mossad, I just caught eight of Aichmann and Argentine
 went home, but I'd never been on a film studio before, never acted before, never seen a script before. So they kept on sending me blue pages, yellow pages, pink pages, I don't know what the hell is this.
 I was an hour and a half late. I was in the first scenes. So I remember coming finally to the gate.
 This is weird. So now I come onto the set, cameras and all that had never seen any of that before in my life.
 So the director came, I forget the director's name. And he said, you know, when Werner comes out, he walks up here and you walk this way, then you meet at the
 A very kind, sweet soul. That looked at me and knew I was panicking.
 And literally froze. They said, cut. But it wasn't because of me, it was because something went wrong.
 I said no, just you have to say this. So, fortunately, I'm
 And 20 minutes later, I had it. Obviously, and they were ready. Took 20 minutes for them to repress.
 and always, always, always embracing, always understanding the character you play.
 I never really felt that. You would have to talk to audiences away from me, because when I've encountered them,
 Mae'n gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r gweithio'r
 what's illustrated in article about this character, where they interview
 of eherms and the raiders and basketball. What the male players liked is the fact that Victor Newman doesn't take any
 There was an article recently that came out about prisoners, it's their favorite character, because he doesn't take any
 So it's more complex than they love to hate. It's more complex than that.
 simply is that he will not be dictated to you by a woman, but he will not be dictated
 Conversely, I as a man don't have the right to talk down
 It's a question of mutual respect between the sexist
 And then you have, suddenly, the woman making an ass of the man ain't going to happen to be
 In the riddle sports, you don't push it. You don't say someone, hey, you, blah, blah, blah, blah.
 As soon as their feelings of omnipotence, as soon as a man or as a woman, he walk around as well, when I throw my weight around,
 always played the bad guy and I was tired of that to be honest with you but very grateful to
 and Hollywood, 150,000, of which one percent
 to approach me as Eric Brayden, you know, and sometimes in the moment of passion, enthusiasm.
 So then, four weeks later, they asked me to please, please, please, James Cameron wanted to see me on.
 Why do you say it's going to be successful? I said this because it's a soap opera and I know something about soap operas.
 I have nothing more interesting to do. In other words, if I ever had enough courage to direct my
 with the name Hans Skurikas was proud of it and still proud of it.
 meaning the contributions of German immigrants to this country have been overwhelming.
 We had made it home, we had made it very well.
 So what drives anyone to become famous?
 Do you become what you do now? Why does this director become a director? Why? Because we want to affect people's lives.
 That is the essence of art, that is the essence of community
 to many parts of the world, 150 million people in the world.
 characters who have the extreme right guy in America Ronald Reagan.
 finds of just Russia, was wise enough to know that Russia simply cannot keep up the arms race and that it is
 three years, seventy, seventy, three, seventy-four, they made no films in Hollywood.
 They had wanted me to sign an all-inclusive contract. Television and film, I said no. No television, just film. It was an egregious
 They represent Tony Curtis and Anthony Quinn and Jimmy Stewart and all those people who suddenly were doing television.
 And they approached me, and Herman Sipperen took me to lunch at the Hillcrest County.
 were two or three years. They knew. They were friends of Louisemons. They knew the financial conditions of the
 They didn't know anything about Hans Goudigas or because movie producers didn't much tell them.
 He didn't know. He just saw the film. He said, oh, that might have been interesting.
 Alex Rua's the agent and I went to his house near Duhini somewhere.
 And he said, do you still have a British passport? I said, I have a German.
 no one would play James Bond, but someone who was a member of the
 beginning they wrote it sort of as a, you know, the, the, the, the domineering husband and, and she was the former stripper, but, you know, Nikki
 Yn ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch ymwch
 And I think that is one people are partly attracted to in this character. He's vulnerable, he's not only tough and hard, he's vulnerable.
 They part very vociferously, very passionately, very, never see
 kind of hostile and seemingly irreconcilable.
 parting to overcome that again. You know there are some relationships like that. I mean, think of Richard Burton and Elizabeth Taylor, for example.
 and do a screen test at Universal Studios for a film called Colossus, The Forbidden
 flew back to Spain to finish under rifles. I was sharing an apartment. My wife and I were sharing a huge flat with Fernando Lamas and Esther
 And I remember the call came in from Alex Roo as the agency, said Lou Wasserman, love the test, wants you to pray
 and husbandhoods, they have played nothing but Nazis, and you're always
 So I took the first part of the village I came from in Germany called Bredenbeck.
 I imagine how unsettling this is, a new name, suddenly the most powerful man in town stops at your table and says hello.
 So Melody Thomas Scott was very quick, very quick study, great sense of
 And of course, what is the essence of what we do is to make something that someone else wrote real.
 And you know what's the most difficult? Is to do those simple things.
 I think I don't actually know how I learn. I still don't know.
 And I was always very cavity of learning my dialogue because I learned very quickly.
 We used all kinds of baseball terminology. I know nothing about baseball and mathematical terminology
 Well, it's the only time I ever did 15 times.
 And now it's the winter, but it's content made glorious. Do you understand? It's like a tunnel. It becomes narrow and narrow.
 Never been so scared of my life. Worst than opening night and Broadway.
 And the certain issues, I obviously didn't discuss, but most of it
 is responsible for that part of Germany being
 That whole period should be minding people of the importance of understanding what
 average certain freedoms, they won't get away with it because the foundational rock of this country.
 to a screen test at Universal Studios. I did and flew back to
 He taught me, sort of, calm me down and said, you know, you've always said you want to get out
 And I said, Bill, I have prayed bad guys for so many years. I'm empty. I'm just...
 can we somehow assign something to the background of this
 We're Nikki, Melody Thomas Scott. Never knew anything about my past, and she asked me some questions.
 He gave this man a background where he was left in an orphanage at the age of seven by his parents, a substitute parents. A moment I played that
 I knew I was going to stay, because I'd humanized
 I said to you, my mother, you might be an imposter and an imposter after my mother.
 and yet the writers in daytime have a very difficult task because they need to write so much.
 That is one thing I learned on the show by doing public appearances everywhere.
 In the provinces, in the sticks of Canada and of America and the south and the north and the west and the east, everywhere, small towns, there are much
 There's a condescension in Hollywood towards that unwashed audience, my ass.
 You change your mind about that, you become more modest about it, and you become far more understanding.
 can tell you stories to the cows come in. We won't do that, but it's enormous.
 and Kim Hunter, and I didn't see much of them. They were very nice, of course. I felt very sorry for them because they had to be in the make-up room with
 given by direct as a producers, never. I'm too arrogant for that. I never wanted to evoke the impression that I was there to make
 Because I had known a lot of actors who knew a lot of people in this business and never got work. Because in the end, it's a business. They don't give a shit whether you live on the moon or not. They want you to perform and that's it.
 So they said, well, we have a ping pong tournament. I said, I mean, anything with sports. So it was part of the tournament where Walter
 You know, with Grant and Westbrook and the Thunder and, you know, it's just fun. It's fun. It's good time to be a basketball player.
 take that seriously. I'm not, you know, and the show I'm on now, I, uh, within five seasons, I'll be three hundred and ten pounds with meatball in one hand and a bag getting the other sitting at the home
 San Francisco and Los Angeles are separated by about 400 miles, but they couldn't be worlds apart.
 I was a water polo player in high school and my season ended short and I ended up getting roped into doing a play. I played Joe Keller and all my sons, the great Arthur Miller players.
 And I said, this is what I want to do with the rest of my life.
 Well, it's about, you know, a global pandemic and a ship that's left out in the open water that hasn't been touched by the virus yet, and it's their job to try to create a vaccine and save the world.
 And when we get back to the states, we realize there's really nothing left there for us.
 You know, us against the rest of the world and some of the government's militaries have gone rogue and we have to stop at Guantanamo Bay to pick up food and fuel. It's a pretty interesting premise and it's a very exciting show. You know, some 30 years ago, this would have been considered science fiction. Now, it's highly probable, which is somewhat
 It's very, very accurate. And we worked very closely with the United States Navy on this. Michael Bay has a great relationship with the Department of Defense and the United States
 We couldn't have made this show with Adam and we have their full support. We also had great technical advisors and liaison from the Navy on set with us every day making sure that we were depicting the lives of these people as accurately as possible in the circumstances that we were in.
 as accurate a portrayal of an end of day sort of scenario or an apocalypse based on an outbreak of a virus.
 and I missed the guys that I was working with. I spent seven years of my life with them.
 You know just as much time with them as I did with my family and I miss them and congratulations to them for
 continued success. That show just doesn't stop. But I had a great time working on that show and I wish them all the
 I had a fan while I was at the Indianapolis 500 with Dempsey.
 run up to me and latch on to me and ask me for a picture and I said sure I'll take a picture but she had nobody with her to take the picture so she just started screaming out to any random person to take
 and it literally it was like a five minute embrace. I didn't know what to do. Somebody had
 Now I'm teaching my oldest and my youngest to swim, so we spend a lot of time in the pool, but I'm a homebody. I spend a lot of time at home with them, and you know, I'm at work a lot, so when I'm not working, I like to stay around the house and hang out with
 I haven't entirely gotten used to it yet. I actually didn't even know that I was referred to as a mixedemia until my wife saw the episode and told
 They had a scene that they had marked up for the reading that I read and it didn't say anything about McSteamy, but nothing bad has come of it
 So I tied it off and I let my hands go and throw caution to the wind and see what happens. That could be very uncomfortable on a set in front of 40, 50 people. On a beach, it's different. Right. On a set when everybody else is fully closed.
 before they get to the boring credits and things of that nature I just put I look great with my
 Lesson acting lesson there that the director was the only one on the set allowed to yell cut and I would do these scenes and it was my first
 The interesting thing was they didn't even have, you know, usually you have an Elvis in person or that you can take pictures with after to create more memories. And all we had was an Elvis statue and it looked like they just ripped off a Bob's big boy.
 I do spend a significant amount of time in the gym, but I've always done that. It just makes me feel good.
 Yeah, I don't, you know, I don't, I don't, I think for this character, I think it kind of works to play against all of that.
 And I play against all the beach that are obvious and support that because I think there's more to it
 You know, you don't spend a lot of time with the character and it's not like
 So you don't really get to uncover what makes this person tick, you know, in one fell swoop.
 Carev walks in with with her and I asked him if it was bring a hot blonde to work day. That was my first
 because the doctors at the hospital are so ugly we have to bring in gorgeous guest stars to create a balance.
 was a pretty formidable guest star. I think she did like six, six, seven.
 I recognized a lot in France. I was in France over the summer and that was weird.
 you know, to get recognized in another country is, you know, aside from the fact that they're recognizing you with an accent, it's kind of something else.
 I think 9 million people watch Gray's Anatomy a week in France. That's a lot of people.
 You know, I didn't know we reached out that far. Now, you know, I guess season three in Japan. That's about as far as it goes.
 Yeah, I get asked to say our fans are very sane, you know, we have
 and they're just generally interested in the show.
 crazy about them. So I certainly have no problem taking a picture.
 season three and I don't know if you guys have seen it yet but you will
 I didn't play rugby. I was a lot lighter. I swam with a water polo player, which is kind of rugby.
 leaving the guy a one-dimensional character because then you kind of
 The one thing I wanted to do is make sure that he wasn't the antagonist. At the end of the film, you should be sort of torn.
 and I wanted to make this guys motives for taking over this club sort of
 deceitful undermining scheme to snatch up this club so that I can...
 You slip into habits because the way these things are written sometimes it's very
 So, you just have to stay, I just had to stay on my toes and make sure that I wasn't sort of hitting the stereotypical beats of the antagonist.
 father likes to say, you know, you put your pants on the same way I do.
 a little annoying sometimes but I have to stop and say okay this is my mom you know you want 50 sign head shots I'll get them
 She loves it. She goes out and buys like, you know, five. I did cover a TV guide or something. She goes on buys 10 cars.
 And then she shows them to me when I go home like I haven't seen them before she's like look at you
 She gets anxiety, she needs to be sedated before she gets in the chair.
 $3 billion set to use and it wasn't at our disposal as much as we would have.
 Yeah, Rebecca was convinced we were having a boy. I said great. We'll name her after my father.
 And when we found out it was a girl, I said great. Well, they were after my father.
 I think probably, yeah, I think we would have to have him living.
 You know, I think the first episode is kind of business as usual and then we slowly sort of regress and deal with
 But I'm sure it was great. I have a picture of it. And I always tell people I met William Covey was a great guy.
 It is my first time in Sweden. I have never been to Stockholm and it is absolutely
 I'm so sorry, ma'am. I apologize. It's my apology to look the waters on me.
 Well, I like to do everything with them. They're young. My wife, we've been married.
 But we love to swim, we love to go to the movies, we have movie nights.
 and now sincere he is and at times how
 I sort of my life outside of acting is what makes my life so good for my professional life.
 You know, I've been quite successful over the past 10, 15 years and I've been very fortunate to be able to work in that
 And the characters you play that you put up on the screen are the people you bring home with you, if that makes sense.
 for sure and you know it's depending I mean a lot of the famous people are not as interesting as you would
 Next I always I always say fan makes good people
 apples and oranges. You know, if I'm riding to work, I like to be in a car just because I like the quiet that you're afforded.
 in an automobile, but on the weekends when I just kind of want to relax and go do my thing and not have any sort of chatter
 I arrived with a couple of friends. We go out to PCH or PCH.
 It's very easy. It's very much funnier than I am, so any time he makes a suggestion.
 And he knows what he wants. It's fun. It's light.
 When you spend 15 hours, you know, maybe sometimes 50 hours per episode with somebody, you don't really find it necessary to spend time with them outside of that.
 We got separated. We had a, you know, because there's 500,000 people in Indianapolis. And, you know, Patrick and I walking through there got a little dodgy sometimes, but it was fun. And I got separated from this whole group of people that we were walking with.
 So big. And she goes, oh my God, you have to get a lift. I take a picture, take a picture.
 and I thought maybe I was looking around to find out who had the camera. She, nobody, she wasn't with anybody, nobody had a camera.
 Egyptian guy was telling me that Dubai is amazing. He said, but it's summer.
 We get a lot of support from the Navy. We are forever indebted to them.
 and once you put on the uniform and you sit in the captain's chair it's really
 I, you know, it's, it's, I, in, in, you know, looking back, hindsight is 2020. I figured out, you know, if I were expecting something like that, I would have seen it coming. But I didn't know until the host opened the door and she pushed me into a room filled with all my friends that it was actually happening, which was kind of nice.
 I froze for a little bit and then I started seeing you know recognizable faces and then you wonder what they're all doing in the same spot. Yeah, you realize well, this is for
 A month for the first, went to Monte Carlo and London. I did some promotion for the show, and then we went to Paris.
 were kids, I think that's the back.
 season four was kind of a, you know, a throwback to the original grays, which was, you know, a year before.
 I think I still have a shot. I think the invitation is still open, so we'll see if I take it or not.
 dedicated to isolating Mark Sloan at the end of the season and leaving him with just himself.
 I personally love Katie. We have a great work.
 Well, yeah, I mean, it's hard to talk about a show like this and not give too much away. But basically, the future of America, and this I know this is hard to buy.
 The last minute before they die yeah take over their body like jumping into a car before it was off a cliff and then we live their lives and it's it's a one-way ticket. We're not going back to the future
 and some of the missions that we are here to take care of.
 I used to remember the first time I was interviewed by People Magazine. They asked me something about
 some clips just now to a packed room of about 4,000 people and the reaction was what we've seen all along which is the film is very
 purity. I think so much of sci-fi these days.
 Well, Paris, which is what happens to one night. It's a very exciting episode, but let's be honest, we couldn't shoot in Paris all season.
 I mean, that's what happens in Paris.
 has developed the ways I didn't necessarily see coming.
 It's a crime-solving show and I think it's going to be a great fit on Alibi.
 But I was 35 when I got well and raised.
 So while I was working, I was never famous.
 years and okay years, but I did a lot of guest star stuff.
 if you have to do it, but I don't know. One thing I would say is don't put all your eggs in one basket. I don't find
 exploded their own images. But for me, Cindy Pollack, that was one of the earliest ones where we weren't thinking we were on a show that made
 And then he showed up. David, our producer said, David said, he's pulling his finger.
 explore more of that. I mean, I think that we start the second season with him on his medical
 So I don't know how long that's going to last, but it certainly will lend itself to connecting more with
 with people on a romantic level, not sure, but I think there's going to be a little more
 We're going to get to know both both now that we've established the show and how in the engine of the show, I think we will start to get to know
 helps not just solve a crime, but helps him deal with life.
 responded to this relationship. The way they love, I mean, the show is very complex. The writers, the writers
 last episode of the season. I've watched it four times. I was in it and I'm still going wow this is
 the pay attention and they seem to be reacting well to, you know, for us not talking down to them but for, you know, writing to a very smart
 Thank you. We have a great, there's an episode that was about religion. Yes, but of course. And we have a great conversation.
 Well, Paris, which is what happens to one night. It's a very exciting episode, but let's be honest, we couldn't shoot in Paris all season.
 I mean, that's what happens in Paris.
 movie of the week with Roman Downing and we've stayed in touch and for many years
 He's a funny guy. He's a guy that gets everything he wants until this happens and that all starts to fall apart. So when Benson and Stavler first meet him, he's
 I love I'm in my forties and I think all guys in their mid forties are trying to keep up
 music and what's going on with the culture and with technology. And this is a guy that's doing it. He's in there. He's dating young women. He's made his fortune with the latest cunning edge technology. I'm none of those things, but it was a nice stretch for him.
 Clearly, very welcoming, I can't think of another set that I'd rather be on at this point.
 I'm going to show like this. Any of the lawn orders, sometimes the guests start to get the greatest stuff to do because they got to solve the crimes. We get to commit them.
 all of them. These two characters in particular have had the most from what I've seen.
 and Chris' characters. We've met the other people on their lives. We've seen their pain. So when they have an episode where it's more about the guest stars, we still know their back stories. And I think it helps to make them mad.
 I think what makes television shows last a long time is chemistry. I mean, the scripts can be great. If you're not really jiving, the love can only go so far. I think people really dig for some risk together. I think women are obviously attracted to him, but they're really attracted to her as a role model. And I think that the nature of these stories
 just solving the crime. The crime gets us in the gut every time because it is about victims, it is about women, almost always, and we all have sisters and mothers.
 The casting is everything, camaraderie is everything. You can have great writing that never gets realized if there isn't a gel.
 in the casting process was amazing, because to make a character like Daniel palatable, you've got to understand what others can see in him. And she's such an empathetic character. It's a beautiful girl.
 And she and I have just connected and that can be that can be tough. You don't connect with your with your leading lady when you're solving crimes. They've been long days, but she's so great and then bringing Scott Wolf onto the show. RJ Smith and LaVar Burton is just a lovely lower group of people. There isn't a bad egg and I think that
 have something that I realize I may never have and
 In the last five episodes, a definite shift on Daniel's part to how he looks at her.
 There is nothing to be afraid of. It doesn't change your life. It doesn't affect you at all.
 feeling inside that you made a lot thousands and thousands of people and their families happy by simply checking a different box.
 Well, I have to carry the weight of the gay community on a sitcom.
 think it would be hard it's like there's something there's a bigger subject matter that we can
 for God's sake and then stop drinking so much beer.
 I can't believe it, because I'm as a guy turning 50.
 He was a guy watching me at that point do the thing that he was probably
 scrapbook dedicated to my father's days as an actor at Ryerson.
 And he said, I'm very proud of you. Then he gave me a hug and walked away.
 Well, I have to carry the way to the gay community on a sitcom.
 I didn't think it would be hard. It's like there's something that is a bigger subject matter that we can.
 And he actually even went to Ryerson and I found out in Ryerson.
 the scrapbook dedicated to my father's days as an actor at Ryerson.
 And he said, I'm very proud of you. Then he gave me a hug and walked away.
 I love playing somebody smarter than me. I love throwing big words around.
 And he loves it. That's the thing. He's a teacher, and he's a scientist, and he loves kind of wielding that intelligence around. And of course, the irony being that because he's schizophrenic, his brain can turn on him at any moment.
 in me, which is great. I mean, when we shot the pilot, which was actually a couple of years ago, now it's going back to 2010, but I did a lot of research. I wanted to make sure that I got it right right out of the gate because it matters, because I wanted the mental health community to respect the show and embrace
 trust my instincts and who this guy is and we can have just a lot of fun solving crimes coming up with really interesting twists and turns that only a neuroscience bent and his expertise can
 My favorite is the show begins and ends most episodes with lectures.
 It takes me all the way back to, you might remember this to the paper chase in the 70s, which I just love doing.
 And the lectures are fun. He's like the professor you wish you had. He's like that guy.
 what he does, and funny, and a little sexy, I hope. And these kind of bookend the show and give it a different feel. And it's interesting, but it's so rewarding.
 There's always tomorrow. You can never take it for granted that this is going to last forever as an actor, even in a successful show. They come and go. And you've got to keep inventing yourself and keep looking forward and remember that this could all disappear. And first and foremost, comes your family.
 He hadn't, because he was a general practitioner. He was a doctor.
 Good to be an actor. It was looked down upon, and I think he just kept it a secret. He hid behind his doctor in this, but secretly he snapped down.
 very wooden and shallow as an actor. So I found that it just lent
 That would be what we're hoping. What they should take away, I think, is the sense that there was a time when
 fear might have been the motivation behind them, and ultimately it was about entertainment and about
 We've already seen Will and Grace separate and come back together as older friends.
 You know, I think if we have a reunion, it will be as actors looking back.
 on a Tuesday night in front of an audience where the show lived and the audience was and waited six months for these tickets and and and a room was absolutely alive. That's I think that's where the show
 of people living with parent and schizophrenia are high functioning, can hold a job, sometimes very responsible jobs. There's a woman who's been a real influence to me named Ellen Sachs, who is a law professor at USC in California, and has been living with parent and schizophrenia for years. She wrote a book called The Center Cannot Hold.
 it at nobody, may actually have held a job and may actually have had something else going on that we can't just dismiss them. The stigma of metal illness is the biggest thing.
 like Daniel with such influence and such ability reminds people
 Well, for me, Canada Day is also my son's birthday. He was born in the States. He's American-born, but on Canada Day. So we're usually up there, my wife and son are up there right now in Canada, in our house in Vancouver, with the fireworks and the barbecue. You know, very much the same as here. But I missed it because I mean, I'm still in New York finishing up a show on
 We were doing a very, very funny bit, written by Will and Grace Writers, and Will and Grace, essentially, Deb and I were doing our characters, and we had a very funny bit about how, you know, the Trevor Project is about how
 particularly for youth, gay and straight are equal. That they hopefully, we're getting into a world where it's not an issue that kids won't be bullied. And we made a joke about not only are they equal, how they're better. Wouldn't it be great of our kids, and then we had a whole bunch of jokes about the things that are
 completely shut down that his whatever comfort he has in the classroom, he does not have on a crime scene, he does not have in the FBI offices with the clattering typewriters in the phones ringing.
 And in the midst of it, he's a guy that is hence the title of the show. He is perceiving the world in such a way that it makes him an interesting detail.
 Is the guy that keeps Daniel Pierce?
 centered because Daniel is a guy that should be on his meds and he is not. And that is a key element of the show without Max as his
 He appeared to be his teacher's aide and his sort of assistant, but he's a lot more than that.
 He keeps Daniel grounded and does my wife do the same. Yes, in fact, it's probably the opposite. I probably drive my wife.
 Oh, it almost sounds easy to say from someone that has had a chance to achieve these things.
 don't, don't give up. I mean, I just, I can't imagine my life if I had questioned. There was a lot of people
 That was a nice suggestion, but for me, it was going full throttle and never doubting.
 So I would go out of the stage door at the end of the show every night and there's all these women with their program and
 did you like the play? She said it was, oh, you were great. I just, I think I liked you better.
 and the food. The worst for me was I played another.
 But six years ago, it's getting to be typecasting now.
 and it's me and four women and in the course of the play, I'm just awful to each of them. At the end of the play, more tyranny walked off stage and I'm left there. The guy in the front row is watching.
 she leaves the stage, I sit down and devastated and before the lights even go down.
 Once we all walked in, and when James walked in, it was like, you know, the Pope had walked in and very quickly realized
 He's okay with that. I asked him to put himself on tape for a friend of mine who was turning 50.
 It was a woman, but I don't think he heard that part. And I said, just say whatever you want, just say happy.
 But a Bapasi put me in a movie back in 1983 called Star 80 where I murdered Dorothy Stratton.
 Probably one of the two most prepared directors I've ever worked with.
 You could make up a question and he would give you a real answer. He was bizarre. And he's also an actor. So he understands us and he knows how to talk to us and knows how to motivate
 everything across the board, everything above title is all slides alone. You realize he might be a genius and it's an overused and abused word, but he might be a genius.
 I say the sly as I walk on the set every day.
 in the last batman who had to go on his part, had to go out
 Now, that's why I made it. When I read it, it was freaky.
 That or best the best or it's my party one of those three I hear about every airport
 I just have a good time. I like to sit at home and my wife is also my manager puts a power script on my desk.
 And I go to work and she runs the show basically.
 Nobody always says to me, it's an odd statement and it always throws me, they always say you should be bigger.
 Yeah, in fact, I did my first play at four and a half and I played a
 in grammar school, you know how you go around the room and everybody reads a small
 I can speak, but if I didn't, I can stah, stah, stah, stah.
 I was under a lot of pressure and that's also part of the stuttering.
 Well, you know, there's also, when some parents
 Like you said you saw the CSI Miami. Now that was a real wacko. That was a crazy guy and he chopped people up and he was strange and all this stuff. And I was very good in that part. I love those kind of characters. But everybody thinks he must be cool.
 around for 45 years, 50 years.
 Okay, so it isn't about, you know, quality. It's about how much, how much, how much you've done. So I went after everything. I went after everything. And since then, I've probably made a hundred million.
 believe that if you never insulted a child, or ever heard a child physically, or ever, ever humiliated a child,
 that she's the nicest person I ever met and the best kids I've ever met.
 Common questions fans ask me are things like, do you and you cease to get alone and we do. Let me clear something up right here right now. All those rumors about us now
 long all happened because I got her started in show business, right? So then she gets pretty woman and becomes the the biggest on the
 And their press is still, you know, talking to your like Eric's little sister and one day she got sick of it and said, I don't want to hear his name anymore. So I said, oh, it must be a problem. No problem.
 every day and I go see him live whenever I can because he makes my day.
 A wonderful series called Bulletin in the Face, asking what it's
 bullet in the face. Yeah, it's cool. Anyway, it's with Eddie Azard and who's my favorite comic on the planet because Richard Pryor died. And I love the guy and he's a great guy too. And we had a good time together and we made a series and we made
 the beginning of the series. And I think it's going to be good. It's a very black, black, black, black, black comedy. And Eddie is worth the price of it.
 He's so gifted, he's so smart, and he's so gentle.
 Yeah, but yeah, we're having a good time at Sundance also Everybody's very sweet this year, and I know what I know it's the weather because it's always dumped here in the beginning before the whole time and everybody's cranky because I have one all the beautiful clothes like I mentioned right everybody's very sweet this year. It's very nice everybody says excuse me and you first
 a very, a very small, what I consider to be
 I think it's called Lovelace, about Linda Lovelace with
 She grabbed it and held, held on to it well. She's really spectacular.
 I think if this film gets the distribution that obviously will.
 Here to promote is a love lace and a bullet in the face and say hi to you. And my family, big fans of yours, by the way. They love watching you. And just thought I'd pass it on.
 for pie. And it's called pie bake shop.
 Bakeshop.com. P.I. not P.I. but P.I. is in pie. And if you want the best pie on the
 Finally, it is a major problem, and it's dealt with in a way that we'd have to deal with.
 I would lie about it. But I think the state oddly enough has a very good government.
 way far away and I was tired and I get home and I'm told by my wife hyphen manager that I have an audition for a show called Heroes and I went I'm too tired can it.
 After story I cannot get a date for three years with a nice girl and that's not
 As it as is supposed to be in that you don't know where he's going to take our people since I recruit the heroes. Is he looking for bad?
 or the week after in my brain that actually changes the whole course of my
 Nobody in this industry, no matter what the facet of the industry, and be it be it a camera, acting, writing, producing, directing, whatever it is, treat everybody you make like you're going to be your boss tomorrow.
 the butcher was the originality and the cleverness of the script. I mean, it was something I hadn't read before, or seen before, even though it is a shoot-em-up, bang, I'm not coming down, moving.
 by anything else in the whole world, it's what you make of it.
 I don't think I do either. But I understand them in my 40s. I understand their mistakes. I don't condone them. But I understand them. And I'm not angry with either of them anymore.
 emotionally unstable, but and they're both horrendous.
 which is a big problem. But, but, but, but, but, but, but besides that, they're great.
 How to get out of it? I basically ruined every relationship I ever had, ruined my career, ruined everything, so I had nowhere to go but up.
 which is a good thing, because in the words of Thomas Jefferson, we need a revolution in every three or four years.
 and 87, all the heavy stuff. But then I kept chipping and kept revisiting it up until really
 me. Dad, what are you doing? You have to do this video. Okay, so I called her back and I said, is it too late? And she said, no, come on. So I
 I fell in love with the killers. They're a great bunch of guys. And had a great time, and that video went number one.
 the Ryan Carey video and the ACM video and those are number one so I'm the number one
 and then just a quick story, I have these two white.
 He gave me this horse pregnant, so I now have these two beautiful white horses.
 the worst food and the hottest weather I have ever encountered in my life.
 I just learned what's what's our national park in the state right in the middle of our country? What's that called that great big park where they have
 And it would make sense with all the, I'll be all faithful stuff, but I'm, but I'm told when, when and if, but it's a win, you know, that erupts. It might be a hundred years or five hundred years or, or next Tuesday, but I'm, I'm
 30 years or something. It's a big deal of volcanoes, so they fast
 It's not a question. It's not anything I've ever thought about, but it's a
 my family, but I don't want to
 on the show so everybody who watches this understands all the colors as opposed to just
 these things and my my wife you know these these things you know pay
 adequately you know they don't pay well but my my wife who's my manager she makes me do them she says you have to go do them I said why I don't want to travel all over to England I just have to job last night I don't want to go all over to England she has you have to go for your fans she loves you guys so love her back a lot
 Common questions fans ask me are things like, do you and you cease to get alone and we do. Let me clear something up right here right now. All those rumors about us not going
 along all happened because I got her started in the show business, right? So then she gets pretty woman and becomes the the biggest star on the world.
 And their press is still, you know, talking to your like Eric's little sister and one day she got sick of it and said, I don't want to hear his name anymore. So I said, oh, it must be a problem. No problem.
 camp you know we we had a great time and we all like each other and the only guy we
 Anyway, there's a lot of fun. Slice loan is part of the most fun of any director.
 I thought I was a very hard film because Call Star 80 and I play a really bad guy, but it was
 I have bad things about me, but this guy was ugly.
 And so it was hard to play, but I had a great director, Bob Bossy. So it was a lot of fun and I'm very proud of the work.
 along with it is after I played that role in Sarady, I couldn't even date with a nice girl for three years.
 I've ever really loved and I probably really loved about half a dozen of them.
 But she's married to it, you know, for a real reason. You're not just because she wrote it. No, she has real reasons. And if you listen to her, she probably is the most intelligent woman I've ever been in a room with, with the exception of my wife.
 That's a huge compliment because my wife is a bonafide genius.
 If you do your homework and if you don't I wouldn't want to meet Charlotte
 If he really really hates me then why did he ask me to do that show after so many years if I really if I really snub them
 Chardonnay has to and can't lack of a simplest worthiness. Murder boy, you had them all here. Larry Storch.
 Wonderful. Wonderful. I had a really great time. I was supposed to be here three days. I ended up here almost a month.
 He was the me that could be and get paid for being me.
 If my tedious was working in me, yeah, that's right.
 I took it a step further. I was able to use the power that I had gotten in getting the show.
 Italian-American was written for the Italian-American motorcycle car in a wide-angle section.
 And there was no Latino in there at all. But when I got it right away and signed the contract, I walked into producer's office and had a chat with him about, you know, wouldn't it make sense for the last
 I said, would it make sense since I'm a Hispanic American? Well, we changed the name to Panturo and make him a Hispanic
 And they went with it, and this is then, you know, Naya cops.
 Then they started getting roles because we were never really in the positive role of them.
 I wanted to take him to task before we went into syndication because you go into syndication and what happens is that
 James Gardner 11 years fighting them in court to get you money and I said no
 So, if I may announce, I said, well, I have 50% of the net profits, participation.
 So they would take an act and say, look, let's not do an increase in salary.
 Yeah, totally because they have to set the books. So anyway, when I walked into David Beagleman's office in MGM with my two attorneys, I said, I'm here because I understand you guys sold.
 to you, you need two more years with Eric Astronis punch. My lawyers find out the deal, the deal was that they had to deliver six years of print with Eric Astronis punch. So I knew that was my smoking gun, so I had to walk in there with the attorney and say, okay, now let's do
 So, let's, as I legally have contraction rights to 50%, let's have a contract written up from a quarterly
 put me on a defensive, so I did them. But all I did was laugh at him, and I told him, hey, listen, man, I'm shine shoes, I work the laundromats.
 But I never boxed groceries, F.U. when I walked off the show. So they replaced me with Bruce Channel, the radius went in the toilet.
 of the job in Hollywood, as long as that group was still around. So I ended up going to Mexico and coming back with the number one longest running highest rated Latin soap up in Israel and television. And so the ratings were so strong that it was knocking out
 to anything, no matter what, even if you're a plumber or whatever you're into. You know, I wish I had maybe had sometimes been a carpenter
 I wouldn't be in a business that you only work when it's available.
 But unfortunately, I fell in love with passion for this.
 Yeah, who's always thinking while he's talking is old the one that's over here watching me saying what I'm saying and moving as I'm moving and watching him or watching over there and knowing that that's over here and that's over there when I'm looking at you that's who you got to protect that's your you that's the you you that you
 None of that was necessary because they wanted punch.
 going into the Burbank 19 public schools and implementing a program in a safety program, the NetSmart system that teaches age-appropriate interactions.
 movies great, that's movies great. I mean for me there's a couple of things that really stay
 the animation and the music. Bang, it's banging, you'll have
 I don't know where I was to, whatever she was, whatever. Just to get to know her and meet her, but she would never come out of it.
 other movie color reseterians and then a Hawaii 50. I went from the projects to home
 with the viewership and the people listening because it's only
 Yes, yes, yes, they can go to www.smildtrain.com
 I mean, it's incredible. This organization started in 1990. They have done worldwide over 700,000 miles, so far, cliff ballots. They pick up the tab.
 Oh, well, for my daughter, she wants a couple of things for her wee.
 And, you know, her taste has, she's 11 now. So, her taste has changed. Now, she wants a little bit more stylish clothes, a little more hip stuff. She didn't want to travel at all, because we usually try to go to Hawaii, to the Grand Waya Laia, to just chill out, because they have fireworks on New Year's Eve on the beach. So, now, we're just staying home this year. We're staying home
 And it'd be nice, but it's kind of difficult because I just got home from going 170 miles an hour for three months to stand still. Because the business is quiet and everything is quiet. People chilled out on vacation, nothing picks up again until January 15, 16.
 A true story in my first movie was called The Cross and Switch Play. First bass, Christian movie of the main. But the guy I played was the Switch Play part, Nikki Cruz, who was the leader of a gang called the Malmouse.
 it was them but that's when the days when gangs used to fight with hands and steaks maybe maybe somebody got smart and made a zip gun but no today gangs are holding
 As a bad dude, you know, and from there I went on to play the Latina
 And NBC didn't want me because they said, now, we've seen him on Kojak. He was an arsonism Kojak.
 later stereotypical back in a day Hispanic American. Chips came along and the producer knew he saw something in me that was Pancharello that I
 So, he said NBC is not really keen on you.
 demand, but they figured, oh, this kid's going to be a real. And I said, no, guy, don't look at me that way. I said, it makes sense. Why don't we change my name to Ponturello, and we make my character Hispanic American motorcycle come?
 different light. So that's something that I wanted to accomplish personally because for so many
 So, where's the job? Let me go do the job. Give me the money so I can take care of my responsibilities. I'm a worker, so it doesn't matter. And I'm not stressed out or freaked out about,
 Now, work is work. Stay in life.
 You know, it's like a statue. The birds get on you and they don't.
 None of that was necessary because they wanted punch.
 movie's great. That's movie's great. I mean, for me, there's a couple of things that really stick.
 the animation and the music. Bang, it's banging, you have
 Got rained out. Yeah, I was here with the Louise Mandrell celebrity shoot. Okay. It was a great great weekend and the good people of the man
 appreciate it. I love it and appreciate it, but I'm reminded. Sometimes I, my head's in the clouds and somebody will say, hey, aren't you? And I go, oh my god, yeah. And then they start talking about it. And they watch it with the kid. Their kids are watching it now because it's in syndication now. But it was
 serve Deputy Sheriff in the state of Virginia. Perfect County Sheriff's Department and Task Force Captain
 to work for them to be with them. And it's always great to come on and see the folks.
 We're very excited, but we talk like that side. You think we're fighting. We're not. That's just the intensity and being important.
 I was glad to get the call to work for them. Then they told me they wanted me to do my voice as a helicopter.
 being punched and I said what the Maya 2 is what? What do you mean? I said well they're going to do a television
 to do is bring my voice to a character that I so loved and
 Mark C. Lab 2001 and 21 and other stuff, but this one, this was
 I can give you a lot of irks, but I give you a simple one so it's clean.
 parking the car because I'm going to go have something to some Argentinian food before I leave.
 And then I had to go back in the car and go to my luggage and take out the coins and put it in the middle. And somebody just crossed the parking lot and yelled, hey!
 You need some change. I got changed. I said, no, I got it. Thank you. That's it. And I went to eat lunch. I pick up, check my tweets last night when I get in from Miami. And the guy tweeted, oh, I just asked I was strut if you needed change for the parking meter. That's cool. But there was a time when I was at the drugstore. I had to get a prescription and I'm online. And when I took on the phone, as a Latino, we're very excitable.
 I go home and always I always check to see what people just I just check it somebody tweeted oh Erica strata complete
 It's a good thing for socially, but it's also a very dangerous situation.
 So, there's good, and then this bad. So, back in the day, it was just paparazzi coming out of Spargos, or you're coming out of the bistro, or you're coming out of a disco, sort of, 54 and over.
 You know, back in those days, but that's all it was. Today you get on a plane if you fall asleep.
 I mean, so you gotta be on your toes because you don't know.
 And I look for it because you look for the distinct sounds and then expression of how they express their words. So this one is very distinctive.
 of what blew my mind, chops, they call it. The throwing in of that, I saw it and I just blew my mind and I said, wow.
 They call him Nick Lupin Lopez, because he does the aerial tricks with the helicopter.
 Well, a small train is an organization which is the largest cleft palate charity. They were established in 1999.
 different, different countries in which they help children with their cleft palates.
 He's either burning a building, shooting a priest and a white 5.0 or shooting heroin. How's he going to be a good guy? So the producers came up with a great idea. He said, you know what I want to do?
 And once he put me in that uniform and screen tested me, it made me visually neutral.
 No, I wanted to be a cop first, I knew your cop. At 17 I changed my mind and then I got, because I got bit by the acting bug and the drama and
 Yeah, so there's you put something about a uniform, so there's you put it on, you got it
 But I was there was all right because I knew I was wrong so when the cup by the time he got to my window I already had the license sticking out
 use when we film our location said we heard you got a ticket this morning. I said I just happened two minutes
 I finished about two and a half years ago. We finished it. Originally, every time I worked in Latin America, they would always dub my voice, because I was born and raised in New
 And then, because the show was so big, it was the highest rated Hispanic show in the history of Latin television, and still is. I won the Spanish equivalent to the Emmy for
 And that's what it did for me. And he was such a great guy for about four years in a row.
 show. It's indicated around the country. It's on NBC and Los Angeles. I'm not sure what the syndicated station is for town
 You can take advantage of a second chance, and if not, you can create a second chance by reinventing yourself, which I've had to do in this business and show business.
 a cup on TV because I want to be an actor and then as an actor on TV and now in real life I'm a real cop who acts once in a while. So I went in a complete circle. I took advantage of the opportunities that presented themselves
 That's why I can personally identify with the message of second chances.
 I brought that. That's there. It's always in there somewhere.
 the joy of being involved in a Disney project. One of the really great things about the movie is that you can bring your child, you can park them in front of the screen and you can let them watch this and that child will walk away with
 with the know how and the ability to understand that there are second chances in life.
 But he races and he's quite good at it. He's champion, admired and
 but he has a misfortune of his engine.
 And what happens is that they can't produce that part. They don't make it anymore. It's discontinued. It comes at time in the movie where he has to go into this bridge and then he's got to power up to go straight up.
 And he meets those challenges, but at the same time puts himself in jeopardy, like firefighters do every day, front line. Because if he goes to a certain level of speed, he could blow up, he could burst
 He's achieves a second chance and he also shows great bravery.
 People have become cops, people have been getting involved in public service where they're alive.
 Because they step to the left or they step to the right or they walk in on a situation like police officers. One of the most dangerous things is
 officer and it's they're all going to tell you the most dangerous call is a domestic disorder.
 These people, this is their job. They become this because they compassionate.
 The job does change you, because after the third day on the beat for me, and I worked graveyard, because I couldn't work during the day. I rolled up on a house or on a call.
 and for firefighters who are the first to arrive at a situation at an accident.
 They're the first to show up. They're considered, we call them as officers, we call them the front line. But we're right there with them, but they're the front line.
 Thank you. It's important. This movie says thank you firefighters. Thank you for risking your
 They don't really care about getting a medal.
 The audience is alike of the same reason I like that. Personally, I'm glad to have been involved. But the movie itself is exciting, it's funny, it's really funny.
 a simple thing that you get a child at five years old, you could teach a child five years
 because it's proven they're more retainive at a young age. So that's why you got to get a child young, give them the necessary tools to go on in life like
 being open to second chances. You fall down, you get up.
 You get up, dust yourself off, and move forward. Go and do your dream. Get it done. You can do it. You can do it. There's always the opportunity for a second chance. If it doesn't present itself, you make the opportunity of a second chance for yourself. That's what the movie teaches.
 a pilot to Patrick Wayne, John Wayne's son, that I went up for it and then I lost the next one to Desionne as junior. And then the third one that I was lucky to go up for was
 department takes with the Salvation Almond, takes a group of families to target, and they have that every first December of every year, and I show up for that as well. And then now I'm involved. Also, I'm involved. I became a deputy sheriff in Bethany County, Lynchburg.
 Yeah, just a little bit, a very humble guy curve. But let's go back to the 2012 draft for the Washington Redskins, of course, with the number two picks selected Robert Griff in the third. And then what surprised so many is that in the fourth round, they chose Kirk Cousins. Cousins told me this week the one thing he tried to do was really stay patient. And remember, a phrase his father told him, the cream always rises to the top. You'll get your chance. And of course,
 team to their first post game victory. In a decade, Michael Strayhand say it with me.
 to be a part of it in general, just college football to me.
 Yeah, hearing that I get to do, you know, the voice and be a part of all these special little features from the visual effects.
 I think we both have really dry sense of humor and the CMTs are a
 I think that's the coolest part. I mean, I know he's friends with a lot of these guys. I'm a big fan.
 over Carrie, over Luke Bryan, over these guys over JJ. And so yeah, that's why I feel like we're kind of living
 And I think one of the things we kind of mentioned in our first conference call together is we both like making fun of ourselves. So I'm all for it. We are doing that tonight, which you're welcome, America. They will love that. And you know, we kind of spoke a little bit.
 I am curious what are you doing because that's kind of we were trying to match you and we were not really getting feedback. Are you dressing your
 It's tough to see that. Again, because you just feel like you relive it. But I'm getting better. It's been a nightmare. And I still kind of every day want to say, am I going to wake up?
 Right now, I don't know those things. I'm not really at liberty to say.
 because we know that this happened in at least two rooms. They got me in at least two rooms.
 working in an event for ESPN and I got a phone call. I was tipped off by somebody.
 You need to check this out. People are saying this is you on the internet naked.
 and take it seriously. I laughed at him, and I could tell he got really upset. And he said, Aaron, you got to look.
 I opened up the computer, could feel my heart pounding, saw it for two seconds.
 to live with, you know, my lawyers have done a great job trying to get it down. But the best part of this whole story, being sarcastic, is I've had law enforcement tell me you're just going to have to deal with the fact this is never going to come off the internet.
 It keeps popping up. I mean, people have such a good time trying to put it back up.
 I think it will expand. It can only get better. And you know, now women are trying to become play by play announcers and work in the booth as analysts and really the popular role has been sideline reporter. I'm trying really hard to be a great studio host as well for females and it's only going to get
 team of your own. You don't have to do it your partner wants. Have a team of your own. I mean, that's what I used to do. Sit down with my dad and learn about his team. But then I would start to like guys from other teams. And dad, I like him. Well, he doesn't play for our team. You know, cheer for somebody who you like on your own. You don't have to do it at what your partner said.
 Oregon State upset USC. And I remember being on the field when you
 he's one of my favorites plays on the Boston Red Sox. Love Pat Casey. Mike Riley is one of the best guys to deal with.
 gosh, for the past eight, nine years that I've worked in college football.
 through the tunnel for the very first time and what are you going to be thinking about and he said you know I will have goosebumps and he said the number one thing I'm going to be thinking about is winning and you know I just I'm really really proud of him I'm excited for his family you know you read all the stories and see where he's come from and I'm just wishing him the best of luck he's a great
 and Texas and Notre Dame. And you just really don't know how things are going to go. There's so many question marks.
 I didn't get to stay up and watch it. I was on a morning show. So people wake up early for that.
 that when I have my first born. It's going to be like Lion King's Circle of Life. I'm going to give birth to my child and pass it on to
 If you can't move your mouth. It's that yeah. I mean, why was wrapped up like from Christmas story Randy where he's like
 the biggest factor for me it's not even like you know you're freezing it's just the constant run-edge of the nose and I just feel like you don't know if you're talking to a player and you've just got the snot coming down and it's like so that Hail Mary
 Look, this is my thing. They're grown men. They know what they're doing. My only question about it
 Justin Bieber, I didn't know the street cred was that high for Odell and Victor Cruz.
 I heard you had a question about that. If you hear something for the NFL, you do have to paraphrase, Nick asked me.
 and all of a sudden they're like look out. I've been nailed in the face by a baseball before at a match game and it was no joke. It hit off my face. It was a line drive went in the stands and this little brat
 hit off my face it was a line drive went in the stands and this little brat kid was like can you slide my ball and it was like I
 and baseball players and trainers were running up to me, asking me if I was okay and I'm like,
 is a workout that I do. And I would love all of you to try it. And every single one of you here could go to our over 550 studios in the United States. It's strength training. It's cardiovascular. It's changed my life. Why don't you come with
 with anyone else. It's like, you know, me being a sideline reporter and dying for the University of Florida. I love where I went to school. I'd never want to go anywhere else. But would I have loved to have tried Alabama for a minute to just check it out or the University of Texas?
 dance. I was very jealous of Derek and Nicole and I was kind
 I don't want to be around them. And I was just like, oh god, Derek have so great. Yeah, but he's with a pussycat doll. Then I came and I hosted the show. And the first season I hosted the show, it was with Amy Perty, who had obviously our, she had lost a leg. And Derek was her partner
 I have one story about him and then I'm sure we have to go because it's coming up all the time. When I competed against Derek my season
 very vocal about. She's a pussycat doll. She was in, you know, performing art schools and she was 14. I stink. I can read a football box score and get tens for doing that.
 I haven't, but I know what people are saying. Now, this is what I hope.
 who can take coaching, who can adjust. She may be good, and she's with who she with.
 I mean, hopefully the rest of the boys to men are in the house. Nick Carter, we had Nick Carter last season who made it all the way to the finale. Some thought maybe he should have won.
 one of these two Von Miller or Antonio Brown, or maybe both could be in the
 I came home one day from the war.
 a couple of weeks at home and mom says, well, you know, one of those kind of welds is going to get a job.
 So I went out and looking for work and I just couldn't see myself going into those factories locked up there for 10-12 hours.
 So I take my lunch and go to see a movie or go somewhere and do something and go home at night.
 And so, help me, Gail. I looked up there and I saw that golden light. I said, Mom, that's what I'm going to be.
 never saw me on the stage, but one time before she passed away. And she said, whatever you do, stay with it, because
 rushed out this morning. She said, I was over at Costco as a matter of fact. She said, Mr. Pork Nite, I said, yes.
 You know, it's so heartening to hear people say that
 And that's what counts most of all in my life is bringing some happiness into people's lives because my mother said to me one time you know if you can bring
 Make a person happy in a span of 24 hours.
 for a year or so to make some pictures of that. And when I came back, I was rattling around the house for a while, and my agent said, listen, we've got a thing called the Cale's Navy. We want you to play this
 So I said we need you, you know, and we'd like to have you as soon as possible.
 And I said, I don't really want to get back in the television anymore because, you know, I like motion pictures. Okay. But if you change your mind, let me know. Next morning, knock, knock, knock on the door, there was a young man selling chocolate bars for some high school out there.
 And he said, would you like them? Sure, sure. Okay. So he reached a region for the money and he said, Mr. you look awfully familiar. What's your name?
 He does gun smoke. I said, no, no, no. I said, my name is really Richard Boone. I said, no, he does have gun will travel. I said, son of a gun, this kid really knows them all. I'll get him now.
 Thank you very much. Put down the chocolate bars, call the agent.
 and talk over at the Washington Press Club. I was quite out of it.
 And he said, listen, there's a whole group of girl scout that came by and taking the picture and everything else. Would you mind taking a picture with them? I said, no, not at all. So we walked over. And these girls have given a whole truckload of cookies and sent them over to a rack for the boys, next to them. Marvelous, you know. And do you know who I am?
 No answer. Have you any of you ever seen my pictures?
 I took the bull by the horns. I said, have any of you ever seen SpongeBob?
 Marty Allen, the bushy-eared comic girl, and his wife, Frenchy, who had since passed away, got blessed.
 you can bring and she's staying at the hotel over there because she's here for a couple of three hours.
 I must say this, just to save myself.
 I don't know what happened but during that time it just seems that something just didn't gel and you thought at the beginning it was one to be wonderful and this is the
 And what is happening with this? We took a trip from here to Hawaii to Tokyo everywhere.
 know. And everywhere we went, Ernie brought my good
 and matter, and just awful. And I'm saying to myself, I've done something wrong. I don't know what it is, but I couldn't understand it.
 And we went to a party and she ripped me up and down and I walked out. And next day I said, Madam, you go your way and I'll go
 So, one day after we're married, after we're married, she comes up
 Ernie, you see that room in there? I said, honey, that's not a room.
 And I said, do you want to be, you want to be in this business? She said, yes, I said, then it's time to start.
 out of the house crying. I don't want to go anymore," I said.
 in London, she saw them in Germany, just a door. She also is now is, they're thinking of bringing her over to a
 to the girl that you want. Not to the one that's passing by.
 for a long time to be with her and to be her.
 I tell you what, I went home one time after doing a scene where the woman was supposed to fly through the air and jump on the bed with her and everything else.
 I said, listen, you said, I know you like the water and all that. He said, we're doing the
 We're going to play a lieutenant commander and all that and would you mind doing this this show?
 to get out on a PT boat and so off we went, we made this thing and actually they were exploiting a young man who they wanted, they were looking for to build them up for motion pictures and everything else. Evidently it all fell through, nothing happened but still made seven against the sea and one day
 And he took a bunch of sailors and went out into the desert.
 I believe so, and they were supposed to send back, you know, the weather reports from this African and all the stuff that they get into with the Arabs over there and everything else. I never saw the picture, but, you know, this man said, hey, why not put this fella with a bunch of fellas with a PT boat over on it, Ireland, and do this.
 And they said, we'd like you to do, you know, you know, we love the water and space.
 Yeah, he had been nice, but I said no, no, no, I'm a motion picture actor now, you know. I can't, I don't do television anymore.
 So, well, if you change your mind, please, you know, we want to get started as soon as possible. Let us know.
 Young man came to the door the next morning selling chocolate pies for some school and wanted to put up a building or something.
 And he said, would you like that? Sure. I said, how much are they? And I said, digging for the money. He said, Mr. you look awfully familiar. What's your name? I said, my name is James Arnes. I said, no, no, he does gun smoke. I said, no, my name is really Richard Boone. No, he does have gun will travel. I said,
 I said I'll tell him my name and I'm sure he'll know. My name is Ernest
 He said, I know. I've seen you somewhere. I said, thank you, son. Here's your money. Thank you very much. Took my chocolate bars with inside. Called up my agent. I said, that part's still open. And he said, yes.
 and after we had done the kill, I'm way up in Oregon looking for some place to stay for the night
 and I opened the door to this cottage at an office.
 You can be a very, very important motion picture actor, but boy, if you got it made on television, you can go all over the world, believe me, in a hurry, and people take you to their heart.
 It was armed for four seasons. We did 148 of them in four seasons time.
 year and we shoot, we shoot one a week. And it was a lot of fun. The way I, the way I, everybody took to me, you know, as if I'm the guy, you know, that
 but it keeps everything together. Well, okay, McCale, my Navy. So I got all the fellas together and I said, listen, I'll tell you something, fellas. The more fun we have doing this, the more the people are going to enjoy it. And if we really
 You know, because we do our work, boom, bam, bam, and all, we'd have at least 12 pages of dialogue
 and action. In the can, by no time, believe it or not, we were good. We were good. And there was that time we spent around playing and on everything else. Of course, we didn't do it in front of the producer.
 But he used to set up there with us, always working, you know. He tried to direct us a few times, but it was so hard for him. He finally decided, thank God, let's
 you make it so that people laugh. And this is, it's so easy. I don't know.
 a good actor, a good actor in my estimation, whenever he's reading something, whether it be a
 can place himself in the position of saying that's me. I can do that. I know how to do it because your imagination
 and remembrance. Remembrances are an awful big thing.
 can place himself in the position of saying that's me. I can do that. I know how to do it because your imagination
 and remembrance. Remembrances are an awful big thing.
 and nothing else. You take the printed word and you make it come from your heart and your head. Period. I said that one time to these youngsters that were in Yale University going to the Yale School of Drama. I was invited to lecture the people in the Yale School of
 Well, are you one of those, what are they used to call Marlon Brando, that school of acting?
 I said, what we're doing right now, just talking between each other, we're acting. This is what acting is all about. We are acting to which you're listening to me and I'm listening to you. And I answer you in kind, so I'm back and forth.
 No, no, no, no. They couldn't believe it. I said, well, what else would you do?
 You're right. You're right. That's what I think is all about, because it comes from here.
 over these things, and I love reading between the lines.
 My personage, but I the personage of this character that the writer wrote about
 and so I go over each and every line. Do I understand
 Does that line make sense to me? Why would I say that line if I, you know, if I wanted to say something else, what would I say in its state?
 And all these things I've taken to consideration as we're going along, reading and studying, because I always feel that somewhere out there,
 And you see, what do you say? What do you say? You've lost them. You've lost them because
 sense to you, yet you had to say it because, and I say,
 That's no good. So you break down the word. You look up and something that pertains to that word. And you ask the writer about it naturally and say, oh, yes, yes, I should have thought of that myself. But you know, you work it out. And then the first thing, you know, those thumb suckers are satisfied. And I said, Kelly, that was a good play. That was a good show. Why? Because he believed it.
 Not the words of the play, but he believed what you were saying.
 and I are still buddies, still friends. We now work, believe it or not, as voices. SpongeBob, I play Mermaid
 And we met at the first time we did it.
 When you see Tim Conway, you look at him and you say,
 And then he turns on. It's like the very first time that I ever saw him and I didn't know that he was going to be on the show. Nobody said a word, you know?
 coming in on this boat and he's arriving on my island and a boat and he's holding onto the
 but you can never imagine. Never saying too much, never just quiet, nice, but he was there all the time.
 It's in my book, but he was a wonderful director and
 told Delbert Man about me. So Delbert called me
 I'd like you to, you know, we're going to work together and find, sir. And I suddenly found
 This man came from North Carolina and he was part of my most wonderful group of people.
 and writers, directors and stuff. But Delbert Mann was a teacher.
 What was I saying? How could I put it without really
 felt that he was teaching. I always told him, I said, you know, I just did something here that I could never have imagined in my mind, thanks to you. And he said, well, thank you very much.
 And we went on to do a number of things together.
 And I remember when we did Marty together as a motion picture,
 I said, well, here we are back again, except we're now, we've got the big screen. He said, yeah, and it was his very
 What happened? I was making a picture called Vera Cruz down in Mexico with Gary Cooper and Bert Lancaster and all.
 and Delbert came down to get a few ideas of how to shoot outside, because he had always been used to a studio.
 He wanted to get some kind of clueless to what to do outside and everything else. So he had Bob Aldrich as his teacher.
 Look at the script. Marty said no, not at all. So he read the script in a couple of weeks later at a party
 He just goes around killing people. That's all he does in his pictures. You know, stabs him to death and do that. No, I said, don't kid yourself. He said, this guy could do it.
 So they said, OK, we'll take a chance. So they called me in.
 And they said, we've got a fight for you in a picture called Marty. Is it fine? That's wonderful. I'd be very glad to play any place so you don't understand this. So we want you to play the role of Marty
 I said that I'll give you 120%. Thank you very much. So now when you're making this picture, I'd like to go right up to a Lone Pine california, making then that day at Black Rock with Spencer Tracy.
 They said, Delbert Mann and Patty Chaevsky are going to come up and have you read for them. Okay, fine. You know, you read. Good. Well, make a long story short. I was leaving the cast of Bad Dead Black Rock one day.
 And Spencer looked at me and he said, where are you going? He said, if anybody leaves here early, he says, me, I'm sorry.
 What's it all about? I told him a story and he said she sounds pretty
 I tell you, that's all right. Oh, don't worry about it. He said, you go on. You get it. Don't worry.
 And Patty was sitting along. They'd just come up in an airplane, little plane bouncing all over these mountains. You're not going up the lone pine.
 Make a long story short. Hi fellas. How are you? Hello. Hello. Good to see you. Tell a bit wonderful to see you, sir. All right. And I went in to kind of washed up a little bit.
 And so I said, well, you know where he said, we even talked and said, we feel that he got to the word but.
 and his excuse. I said, sir, I said, believe me, if you feel that I'm not right for the point.
 You know, I'll help you find somebody because I said I feel quite strongly about this. I feel that, you know, this could be a heck of a great motion picture.
 instantly I forgot that my first six lessons are acting that I had learned it very badly.
 Forgive me, you know. I went over through my hat down.
 took my boots off and rolled up my sleeves and everything else.
 up. Now, Patty's reading all the other part, my mother and everything else, and I'm reading
 or the grease so it can go down. There's a lot of tomatoes, you know, and I turned her and I said, Mom, don't you understand? I'm just a...
 man and I started crying because I was that much into it.
 And I came back for my retort. I said, oh, I'll put on my blue suit.
 And I looked at Delbutton, he was crying and inwardly I said, God, I've got to put
 It was the best performance of my life that day to try to prove to those two men that I could do it. I went back the next morning, Spencer looked up.
 Oh boy, great, great, that's wonderful. The next year I beat them up.
 me and said, you know, when I was a little fella, we used to run home from school in order to be able to see McKayles Navy. And I had mothers write to me and say, you know, I know exactly when my boy is when McKayles Navy is on, because they
 depression was on. It was a good thing to get into the service because, hey, you've got three regulars a day, you know, and you had to work a little bit for it.
 have you ever thought of becoming an actor? See, you always like to make a damn fool of yourself in front of people. Why don't you give it a try?
 And I looked up and I saw that golden light come down and I said, Mom, that's what I'm going to be.
 May, after coming back from Italy, having made some pictures over there, my agent called and said,
 And it's fashioned after a picture that was made out in the Sahara Desert, supposedly with Lieutenant Commander takes a whole bunch of sailors out to the Sahara Desert to send back weather reports to the
 And I said, well, it sounds good. But I said, you know, somebody here
 I don't want to do television very much anymore. Well, he laughed, and he said, OK, said, but if you change your mind, let me know.
 came to my door the following morning, and his cell and chocolate bars for some school
 He said, you know, you look awfully familiar. I said, really? He said, well, what you know?
 Oh, no, no, no, he does gun smoke. I said, no, my name is really Richard Boone. No, he does have gun wheel traps.
 I said, boy, this kid's pretty smart. But I'll tell him my name, and now he'll know, and all he's got to do is look in the next day.
 So, well, thank you very much, son. Here's your money. Okay, bye-bye.
 I put down the chocolate bars and went to the telephone, called my agent. I said, that part's still open. He said, yes. And he said, I said, OK, I'll do it. He said, what changed your mind? I said, none of your damn business.
 And there was a time in the Navy. We had a Navy lieutenant who used to come in and at the very first
 But I thought you were shooting the United States. No, no, no, this is Macayles Navy, not the United States.
 Well, one day I get a call a couple of years later to go to
 And to the Pentagon, where I had lunch with the Secretary of the Navy. And he says, you're the best recruiter we've ever had. He said, everybody comes in and the Navy wants to join McKayles
 had anyone like Joe Flynn who played Captain Binghamton.
 I loved the comedy end of it, and to me to keep a straight face sometimes when we were working was just so hard, because believe me, you know, get right in there, you know, and it was just marvelous.
 We had people coming down on the trams, you know. We'd pop up out of the bushes with spears and everything else, and oh my God, my God, maybe over there. One woman fell out of the tram one day.
 So it was really something. But again, I say, I love cars.
 That's, it shows, I think, in Macayles.
 at the press club in Washington, which is quite prestigious. You know, and I said, what do I want me to say? And this fella taken like anemia from the stories I told. He said, you know, you just come in and just say what you're saying to me right now and just tell him stories.
 So I went in and I did my thing, you know. When I finished the thing, everybody politely, you know, applauded and it was very good.
 out there that brought a lot of cookies for the boys in Iraq. Would you mind saying hello? Don't at all. So I walked out there as I'm walking
 this lady is saying and you know this man has made a lot of pictures and done this and done that and
 He's great. And I said, how many of you have seen my pictures? They all looked at me.
 Suddenly, I had a brainstorm. I said, how many of you know SpongeBob? Yes! I said, well, I happen to play
 pictures they couldn't get enough of me. And then of course I had to give them the even
 And that was it. How it all started? I don't know. My voice cracked when I was giving that.
 And so everybody do it, do it, do it, do it.
 in Washington, D.C., by name of Jeff Kruelik, who said, you know, you're coming to Milwaukee on your bus. And he said, I've got an idea about showing Ernest Borg-9 a day on his bus.
 And I said, no, I said, what are you going to do? How can we possibly do it?
 Go here. Go there. Do this. Do that.
 Finally I said, okay, we'll do it. So we took a day and we turned it into about a couple of days of work. My son was with me at the time and I'm driving the bus to go on long and we
 and one of the breweries in Milwaukee and this man walked up and you know have they have their certain
 that they have to pass in to get their tools to work with, you know, and he gave me his own ticket.
 that he's had for 35 years. And he remembered Macayles Navy. And he said,
 It gave me this. I still have it, believe it or not.
 it, you know, to how people give you things and do things. And this is what makes up all this whole thing of going out for a day with a poor man on his bus. It was fun. It really was. I don't think we made more than
 And Jamaica, somewhere like that, they had invited a whole bunch of critics from all around the world.
 And next morning after the picture would be a symposium of asking why was this, why was that? And the very first question out of the box after they had seen the wildbunch was, why was this picture ever made?
 Now we were all sitting up there. Sam Peck and Paul, myself, Bill Holden, Warren Oates, Ben Johnson.
 and we thought it was an excellent picture. And they said there are shots to blood, this, that
 Reminded me of the day, when we had finished one section
 And Sam is walking along with his head kind of low. I put my arm around his shoulder and I said Sam.
 Some worried I said worried about what I don't know he said I hesitate
 I saw him with bottles of blood going around.
 And bless his heart, he just...
 a woman that we had. We're paying her $40 a day, as a matter of fact, to come in five times a week.
 clean up the house. And then she started complaining that the work was too hard and everything else.
 And I tried to show her one day that, and no, she said no, no, I...
 When I was a youngster, my mother used to go on a shopping on Saturday.
 And she'd say, all right, now you do it and you do it right or else. You don't go to the movies. I got a big dime to go to the movies.
 And many times she came back and I worked my tail off, you know, trying to...
 Clean up the house at two-story home that we had and
 Sometimes she just ripped off the bed sheets and now it wasn't done or
 bed sheets and now it wasn't done right and do this over again and do that over again. She made me do it
 So I learned the hard way and she taught me everything and she taught me how to cook.
 I had the opportunity of going back to Italy with her when she separated from my dad when I was just a boy and two years of age as a matter of fact and at that time he was feeling his oats and one of the kicks
 You decided to go back to Italy, and we stayed away about four and a half years. And when we came back where he was a new man.
 And I never saw such a pleasant relationship between two people after that. It was marvelous.
 enthusiastic kids, you know, and they were having a good time until things happened. And when I came back, I couldn't speak
 to school. My mother used to dress me up in those little lord-frontal-erite things, you know, with the floor.
 they were going. They put me down just a little bit different and I went right into a mud puddle. I never went to school at first.
 learned how to speak Polish. From one of his jobs that he was on, he spoke beautiful Polish. I never forgot. And he was that kind of a man, finally ended up as a metallurgist.
 Actually, I don't know how she felt. I mean, I'm sure that...
 I don't think he ever did a good day's work in his life.
 get in his carriage with the spats on and his cutaway coach you know and his top hat and his chauffeur would take him out to with the horses no less beautifully
 my uncle's legs looking up and I saw this tremendous man coming on this absolutely white horse and he had I'll never forget it all just up in black with a black
 They told me one. They asked me one time if I wanted to play Mussolini and I turned it down cold. But the thing that I always wanted to do was to wear that black
 I joined the Navy in 1935 after high school.
 I was working on a vegetable truck for $3 a week. And of course, it was depression in those days.
 I saw a sign that said, join the name, you see the world. I said, boy, they said, you know, I can make some money at the same time.
 So I joined the Navy and I was one of 12 that made it out of about 1,200 people that were waiting to go into the service.
 This came out in 1941, decided to go home and see what it was all about then. And then three weeks later, or three months later, the war started, the World War II.
 As a matter of fact, I was put on a yacht. It was one of three ships guarding the entire Atlantic coast at that time. There were three yachts. The South, the Sapphire, and the Zircon. And I was onboard the South. I had my own private state room.
 Captain didn't they didn't know any better, no days. The captain used to knock on my door. Who is it?
 and we had, we without one time and almost caught a submarine, almost.
 I was the gunners made a board ship and we had a wide gun because the ship didn't go fast enough to roll the cans off the stern.
 Well, make a long story short. The captain called me and said, we got a submarine, did the rights. And he said, when it said the cans at 75 feet and so on and so forth, and when I blow the bell, blow the whistle, let it rip.
 And they're watching this stuff go over and I'm kicking him in the back. Come on, come on, get up, load it up, load it up. And I'm listening for the detonation of the other ones. We knocked off about ten of them. Not a one went off.
 Well, we came back in the port. They started to take off the rest of the debt charges. I said, wait a minute, you've got a full minute of mercury in there and everything else. Oh, don't worry, I said, you've got a chip in there.
 I got a chip in Hammond. It chipped off a little tiny thing about this big. And it said manufactured in the 1970s.
 And I think we've got a good film for you. Hallmark always comes out with some good stuff and believe me, I'm very happy to be in this one. It's about an old grandpa who has kind of given up on Christmases and everything else simply because his wife had left him and taken a young child with him.
 I tell you, working with Juliet was just marvelous. She hasn't got that method style or anything else. It comes right from the heart. And that's what I love. And you work from the heart and the head. That's what a lot of young actors, these days, don't know what it's all about. They're walking off the street and they're
 whenever I can and I just say hey listen this is where it all stems from right here and right here and if you you know just say your lines like Spencer Tracy once said just remember to say your lines well and don't bump up against the first
 I think around the end of this year, ACEs and AIDS, and they took
 everybody's going to write a hoist. Really? Everybody come down to watch you get on the hoist.
 And there are so many others that are with us. And we had a wonderful director, Harvey Frost.
 We had a whole picture in four weeks time, boom, bam, bam, and there it is, a grandpa for Christmas. And I enjoyed it. When I first saw it, I really did. I enjoyed it very much.
 believe me, it's my pleasure. And listen, listen.
 But I tell you, after that long trip, coming in all the way
 That's the best thing you can possibly do. Be nice to people and they'll be nice to you.
 I think that if we all were nicer to each other as women
 Because we only have one life to live. That's live it right.
 My mother once told me and she said if you can make one person happy in the span of 24 hours you've accomplished a great
 Well, I don't know, but she's a woman, but when I tell you, she's all woman.
 She's a some person that I love and then ready to go home to anytime.
 She's the kind of a person who gets out there and hustles and does things for herself.
 Let the grass grow under her feet, you know what I mean? She likes to get out there and go and
 And not only that, but we love each other.
 do. And I think that's the whole trouble about marriage. People don't really
 And there comes a time when people that can't stop talking to each other. And you know, when they're first married and they're first old, I mean, oh, yes, we got to talk
 you look at it. He was the epitome of a good show host, a good night host, you know, a man that you look forward to seeing. Even if his shows were mediocre at one time or something like that, but he always brought up something that was good, fun
 And to know him personally, he was quite quite different. He just retreated into himself. He became a wall flower.
 But Johnny was Johnny and I'll never forget how I got on to be
 a clown one time. He said to me, Ernie said, what have you been up to? And I said, oh, I've been doing this, that, and the other thing I was on to promote some picture, I guess.
 And he said, you know, he said, you've done just about everything there is to do what's left. I said, oh, lots of things. And he, you know, pinning me down said, like what?
 There's a fellow back there in Milwaukee, and he called me up the next day and said you want to be a clown? We got the best thing in the world for you. Oh my goodness, come on. You got to come here. You got to do it. We're going to have you as a clown. I said, okay, I'll come. You know, I was just about getting ready to do Poseidon Adventure.
 I went and did this clown. I did the clown bid for some 1972 to 2002. And now this next year,
 And they used to bring these wonderful wagons down from Barabu, Wisconsin. These wonderful old wagons that they had, you know, circus wagons. They put them on a train like they had. They sold circus train. They used to pull it.
 And bring them down into Milwaukee. They put them out there in a great big field that they had out there by the water. And then we had a regular circus.
 They have a big circus parade with the elephants and the fans and everything.
 coming from his mouth, his lips. It hit me in such a way, you know. And I loved him so much. He was just the most wonderful
 Man, like Frank Sinatra, just two great wonderful people. They were real. You know, a lot of people used to say bad things about him. He's a drunk or, you know, he likes to fight and everything. No such thing. You know what Frank Sinatra did with
 He was laying in a hospital with, you know, how to tack and everything else. One day the ambulance backed up and they put
 company ambulance where you're taking me said oh that's all right don't worry about it well I got a pay no worry about it that's taken care of they took him out to Palm Springs and put him in that compound over there with Frank Sinatra
 And Frank finally showed up, and Lee J. Cobb looked at him and said,
 But, sir, why, what do you do this, he said, like the way you are?
 Push it, man, and we said, they got this pipe for you and everything, and you are ready.
 and power, the car broke apart, and there I was.
 and doing all this, making characters and stuff like that. And going along, and we're having a great time on New Year's Eve, and here we go.
 It got to the point where we had to take a shower, just before walking into the sea, because you had to be wet.
 It was almost a wonderful waiting to finish a day to come out and smell the smog out
 because you're smelling smog all day long out there in the middle of that set. It wasn't the easiest thing in the world by any means.
 That's what most wonderful actor and I can't remember their names now, unfortunately.
 And so she lost about $260,000 to this man.
 But we all had our lives, you know, and we had to make the best of it, and we had a wonderful director.
 I can't remember his name either, but a wonderful British director. And you know, this picture almost didn't become made for the simple reason that there was a new man came in at the 20th century.
 and get to the point where we had to take a shower as you just before walking into the sea, you know, because you had to be wet.
 It was almost a wonderful waiting to finish a day to come out and smell the smoke.
 in the Los Angeles area, because you're smelling smog all the time long out there in the middle of that set. It wasn't the easiest thing in the world by any means.
 So, the Shelley was playing cards with
 Our director, our producer, Erwin Allen, had gone to pay his respects to the human at the helm of 20th century Fox. And he said, and you know, I have two million dollars and we're all set and we got all that things ready to go. And the fellow up there said, no, no, no, no, we're not going to make the film. No, we're not going to, you know, no, we
 So everyone went back to his office and he was crying. And the director said, well, what are you crying about?
 And I was, but sorry, so I got all my money tied up and it didn't, you know, oh no, no, that's okay. But now we're not going to make it.
 So everyone went back to his office and he was crying. And the director said, well, what are you crying about?
 Tell me, do you have any whiskey? Here we got whiskey. What do you want whiskey for at a time like that? Let's have a belt. We'll go back and talk.
 We had a belt. They went back and talked to him. Father, this fellow said, all right, he said, you put six million dollars on my table here tomorrow morning as well.
 Now, we've finished the film. And one day we're over at Chasen's, we're having a big party. And he's there, this producer's there, and the head of the
 And tova, my wife speaks up and said, you know, I've been watching this picture and it's going to make well over $200 million.
 And it let everything else go. And sure enough, it became one of the highest.
 Mandel School of Dramatic Arts for about three months. Oh, we did.
 And I'm looking at these fellas sitting there and this man
 Mr. Fox, I believe his name was, was playing Jesus Christ.
 all over the place and he was going to shoot the
 Part that I was playing. I believe he was the first Christian and turned out to be the
 So, I'm getting into the part of it, you know what I mean? I'm standing there with my helmet on and everything else.
 of working things up and he said to me you don't mind if I don't put the person up they said we'll just put a dot up there is that all right with you it's perfect that's fine I can picture no worry so
 and row cameras, and kept looking up at
 I'd go on to practice that day, you know, they had to, they always have practice and to practice.
 Think what and and you can survive at this moment you're arriving at that moment
 And would you mind coming up and then accepting it this way, maybe if you win?
 So I've been there and Jerry Lewis said to me, you know, you're going to win
 So I said I got you, you got a bet. So I went home and I took a red sock of my little daughter's red sock and filled it up with a hundred
 I was looking out over the audience as Grace Kelly had called out my name. And I had been looking out over the audience and said, geez, nice people, you know. And my wife is going, they called your name.
 Oh, I had no idea I was ever going to win, really. I had nothing to say. So I went up there and suddenly I remembered the red sock.
 name. So I had no idea I was ever going to win, really. I had nothing to say. So I went up there and suddenly I remembered the red sock.
 the British Film Academy Award, which was given to me at the same time.
 I have the golden globe, I have any number of things.
 I didn't want fanfare and I don't like fanfare that much, but I think that
 I didn't want fanfare and I don't like fanfare that much, but I think that the life didn't become any better.
 out of that contract, finally. But it was, it was terrible.
 And that's what life is all about.
 You know, you've had such a success in everything else. How did you get that way? I said, by studying, by learning.
 that they take the thumb out, you've lost them for the simple reason. Nobody's paying attention. What do you say before? I don't understand that. It's a big word that they don't understand. You have to break it down to the lowest common denominator so that thumbs
 You know, we'd go out there and help people in distress, go out and do things, you know, that we get to a point where people actually started believing that this ship was just the way it was. We'd have it over at Airmeats, you know, and the U.S. Navy demonstration team just to come by, the Blue Angels.
 and people would look at it and the kids would look at it and be all loaded down with guns and everything else.
 the ship itself, oh man, and where did it come from? The inside of a volcano or in or less was marvelous, you know?
 And we often used to say, no, no, don't go near it, because no, we can't tell. And we never said a word about it, you know? And everybody believed it. My goodness, this is really something. And we actually had thoughts that the Russians were kind of literally
 script like this and say okay let's shoot it.
 script and then take every word for what I can, you know, and make something out of it. He could just, man, that's it. He had a photographic mind, just like Brad Crawford had at one time.
 And often, how can the people do it? This is amazing to have a photographic memory and shoot.
 a wonderful pilot. And he took us up for orientation to see how we wanted
 helicopter and he took us up and and we'd go around and do this and do that and we asked questions and he put our hands on the control and everything else and I had my hands on the control one day and he said okay take over and he pulled his hands away
 And he said, no, you've had it. You've been handling it for five minutes. I said, what? And I suddenly learned a great lesson.
 your knees are your stalwart things and you hold on to your knees and put these things over by your knees and you're steady right down. And all your feet are working, your hands are working and it's one of those kind of you got to be on the ball besides listening to what the radio and everything else. You got to be on the ball and be a helicopter pilot. And this fellow one time, Jones, was out there doing
 listening to what the radio and everything else, you get to be on the ball or be a helicopter pilot. And this well at one time, Jones, was out there doing
 loop to loop, you know, crazy things over the Pacific Ocean while we were shooting down by the water. And I said, are you doing what I think you're doing?
 from China after working on a film and was frustrated with his career.
 Well you know when I first got the audition for Congo or the meeting for Congo I
 I think we're really, really some really creative work and very some courageous work.
 a hard time doing but it was great to be a part of it and but I think when you were we were first and we didn't get the accolades we didn't get the aiming nominations and the recognition from the industry but I think by the time we finished and some finals came along
 Yeah, you know, I just because I was a warden of the prison. So I always felt that I had to
 about them. And so it became very important for me to hold my own in the midst of all that.
 and put my suit on and shine my shoes, which is kind of my
 character. And when I stepped out on the set, the friendship stopped. It was like, I was warden glad.
 And I got that people kind of kept a little distance, you know, they would invite everybody to lunch, but somehow I wasn't invited, you know.
 Oh, there's a, and I need to do some work on it, but it's Ernie hype and Hudson.com
 called Doonby, we shot in Texas as a show I do called Secret Life of the Emerge.
 You know man, I just like to work so I'm open to whatever you know
 Well, you know, of course, you know, I mean, I have four sons. So, you know, the Iron Man and I was a fan of the Marvel comics when I was
 in the movie and have a reason to be there first day come out. But yeah, no, I mean, I love to check stuff out. It's a wonderful stuff being made. And yeah, you know, and I believe in supporting, you know, so yeah, I'll be there. I'll be in the audience eating my popcorn.
 before he became a movie. You know, sometimes it's better to have
 And, you know, the black panther is probably
 I can say it is what it is. I'm very happy to be a part of it. I don't understand.
 I don't always understand. So, you know, just want your fans to know that if I'm not, it's not.
 Yeah, you know, over the years, it's been over 30 years and all these little girls and it goes bust outfits. They come up and I'm
 representing, you know, and you know, the script is amazingly funny.
 You know, so I'm back and Bill Murray and Dan Acroix are going to Weaver and we all coming but the girls
 who you believe is the best performance. The worst thing to happen would be for someone to vote based on
 for the performance. So it's not really, I think, the responsibility of the academy as much as the industry to be more inclusive to allow people
 nonsense excuse. We need to be more inclusive.
 and as the directors and is all of us accepting the fact
 at the world the way the world is. I can't tell you how many things I've seen and it's like no
 So we just have to be and I don't think it's an attempt. I think it's just a lack of awareness people go I didn't think about that well it's time to think
 Then really focus on what the problem is because I don't think it's a I don't think it's a major problem. We just have to be
 the first movie they ever saw or whatever. So they tied the movie into their lives in a very strange way.
 never saw or never want to talk about. So it's nice to have a few that people
 Yeah, I've been very blessed. I think it's, you know, I'm an actor. And so my job is to act.
 Well, I mean, I really love him and I appreciate Bill and he's always been there.
 a stronger movie. The second one was more family friendly. Yeah. And I think if you're a little kid and four parents who wanted to kiss
 a lot of lines that at the time I was saying them, I didn't realize people would be quoting, you know, 30 years.
 you know, like you work. And so I come out here and meet these guys.
 for people who actually see the movie and it registers.
 seen the movie about 150 times and he knows every line in the movie.
 decided to name it Ghostbusters 3 because we never thought we'd come up with another movie and then Bill Murray decided to do the video game and and then said no.
 point where she realizes that the pass is gone and she has to move on and I'm part of that movement.
 for 30 years of people are putting on the jumpsuits and making the backpacks and turning the cars in ectomobiles.
 You know, the world can be difficult, but I just had a very amazingly blessed look.
 So a man, I don't know what that has to do with, you know, the hardest thing I think is trying to do.
 time to do something and I'm very good, I can really discipline myself and I'll trim down and I'll drop
 three or four nights in a row, you know, it's gonna, you know. Also, I didn't really, because I had responsibilities.
 association, franchise, or just kind of like that.
 I don't see that that important. I mean, I'd love to be a part of it, but you know, because the studio has made choices that somehow left Winston out of it.
 I don't just sit and sit and say, oh yeah, when we make the other ghost buses, I know they're going to call me. I don't know anything.
 But the movie was never really meant to be Monroe Kelly's movie. I think the movie is meant to be the
 We have all kinds of neuroses. We all share that, but we don't show it.
 So, Georgie would mention us, and the audience would laugh.
 I'm a still Harris and I'm proud to be a brave hard woman.
 and they gave us the sides, my son Glenn and I, and this one was for the one that
 If this one was for the one that was a winner as far as
 they got an Emmy for it and it was
 I got the size and I read and I said to my son, what was she so embarrassed about? So my son looked at me and said, don't you know? I said, I don't know. It doesn't say she fainted and I don't know what she fainted.
 And I started. Oh, but when I heard the other women, as I said, they were all screaming.
 And it was in a hospital, you know. So I thought to myself, I will not scream. I will give him hell, but I will not scream. And that's what I did. I did it. And they were laughing so hard all the
 did and I had to stop while they left and continue and then when I got up to go one of the producers ran up and took my hand and he said you were wonderful but they had
 SAG, a screen actor's guild rule that if 500 people come to
 I went out and I said to myself,
 I took me back to the hotel and when I got back to the hotel, they told me.
 and one son, not too bright. I had this all in my mind when he was a baby. I would go out with the other mothers with their baby. They started walking at six months, seven
 and I take it out of my husband because he's grateful for the attention.
 And I didn't like to take it out on my children, you know. So yeah, of course, I think everyone
 against cranky. We're emotional. I have two sons and a daughter. The emotional one is
 question. When I hear my voice I sound like a munchkin to myself.
 You don't have to memorize it and you don't have to
 Think about where you're going to be or anything.
 I'm one of the few that does this. When I'm walking down the street and I see a woman in a beautiful pair of shoes, I'll stop and I'll say, oh, those shoes are beautiful. Where did you get them?
 A woman with beautiful face. What a face.
 Because, you know, in the summer, I put away the winter shoes, but I must have over a hundred pairs
 I don't feel like I have it all. I don't know, I don't think about it.
 You should be content with what you have.
 Things and I would love to but once you can afford these things
 I'm Estelle Harris and I'm proud to be a brave hard woman.
 Now we have two, the children are all out, our three children, and we have two pets, dogs, maltees, jasha, and a pomeranian. Oh God, Tino, but his real name is Valor.
 because he was born on Valentine's Day. And they keep us kind of busy.
 And he calls himself a background actor. And whenever I hear him say that, I say he's an actor like I'm a mortician.
 and he tries to be helpful.
 try to grow at the same rate together, because when one grows more than the other,
 and so I couldn't get an apartment myself because then I would be a bad woman. So in our time, we sort of had to get
 And we could not be the askers. But today it's wonderful, the freedom of saying what you want and doing.
 and couldn't help me out, couldn't.
 I was wrapped around upside down.
 and finally, of course, stopped and got out. Can we help you? I said, just listen, get rid of this seatbelt. And they did, and I was fine when I walked.
 I mean, all he had to do was get up and walk around and open the seat.
 And my son, they called up my son, that's out here.
 So they called him and said your mother and father had an accident.
 He must have driven 150 miles an hour because he was there like in a half hour.
 and a half hour should have taken an hour and he walked into the hospital and he heard noise.
 was laughing. And I said, well, why shouldn't I? I wasn't hurt.
 I don't know. I think I had to inspire myself because I was not a happy child and I think that I had to
 Yes, I think so because my husband always sigh always mentions to me only happy when you're working and I said
 And I shouldn't say sure that you're doing well what you're doing, but you could have been
 and your questions are wonderful. I can't wait to hear more questions.
 I was wonderful and I never think I'm wonderful. I'm a critic.
 like to just as much without the 3D, but if they want the 3D, fine.
 not ruin the movie. Anyway, they think that that improves it fine, but the story is so good.
 It ships the past and the night, but we're all pretty busy.
 I'm Estelle Harris and I'm proud to be a brave hard woman.
 They give you the sides first. That's just a couple of pages of
 and they gave us the sides, my son Glen and I. And if this one was for the one that was a winner as far as
 They got an Emmy for it.
 I got the size and I read and I said to my son, what was she so embarrassed about?
 No. I said that I don't know. It doesn't say she fainted. And I don't know what she fainted from. He said masturbation.
 and I started. Oh, but when I heard the other women, as I said, they were all
 And it was in a hospital, you know. So I thought to myself, I will not scream. I will give him hell, but I will not scream. And that's what I did. I did it. And they were laughing so hard.
 and the directors, and they were
 did and I had to stop while they left and continue and then when I got up to go one of the producers ran up and
 I said to my son, I want to go to the zoo.
 took me back to the hotel. And when I got back to the hotel, they told me, you know, you got about 20 calls. You better
 So my son drove me over there and that was
 I had this all in my mind when he was a baby. I would go out with the other mothers with their baby. They started walking at six months, seven months, eight months.
 and I take it out of my husband because he's grateful for the attention.
 And I didn't like to take it out on my children, you know. So yeah, of course, I think everyone
 you don't have to memorize it and you don't have to
 Think about where you're going to be or anything.
 You know, I'm one of the few that does this when I'm walking down the street and I see a woman in a beautiful pair of shoes. I'll stop and I'll say, oh, those shoes are beautiful.
 I see a woman with beautiful face. What a face.
 You know, and when you do that, they're so happy that you'll notice.
 shoes. I don't think I can count them because you know in the summer I put away the winter shoes but I must have over a hundred pairs of shoes. And thank God I grow heavier
 I don't feel like I have it all. I don't know. I don't think about it because I think about
 things and I would love to but once you can afford these things
 I'm Estelle Harris and I'm proud to be a brave hard woman.
 That's nice. I don't think about being funny. I guess it just if you think about being funny and you try doesn't work. Yeah, it only works
 When I became more sure of myself and I forgot about myself,
 was. But you know the wonderful thing about being shy is you listen to other people.
 know what happened. I think I just got tired of being shocked.
 And I got tired and I said the heck with it. If they don't like me, they don't like me. And that's all. This is me. And then I began being more confident.
 just love to go to the movies. That was my favorite thing and read a lot of books. And then when I got into high school and they asked me if I wanted to be in a
 and I was funny and everyone, everyone said,
 happened that I was fully myself then, because all the other students came. You were wonderful people, the students that never
 And we moved to New York from Pennsylvania, a small town near Pittsburgh, to Rentham.
 I sort of thought that I was good on stage. So, when we moved to New York, I joined an amateur
 well the audiences were laughing because they always cast me in funny roles with a
 plays, you know, in libraries and such. And my reputation sort of grew. And I was doing, come back little sheba, Lola.
 She's, it's my favorite role, I think. Little Shiba was her dog, and she loved her dog.
 And she said, Lola, Lola, not Lola, she...
 I was roll she but come back little she but she but never came back so wonderful play okay and
 to tell you, when I was doing come back little sheep up in the amateur group, word got around and reviewers from newspapers.
 and they and they watched me and one day I don't
 remember his name, but he was like the Saul Hurac of Long Island. Saul Hurac years ago brought all the wonderful
 And so this man, Robert and I can't remember his last name, came to see me. And they all said to me, so and so is here, so and so is here.
 And he said, you shouldn't be here anymore.
 too good. And so he sent some agents
 doing commercials, wonderful commercials, I was very, very, I was
 graduated and why you and he went out to California and he said and he called me
 and Glenn came out with
 and I just never saw it.
 But it was such a joy. And it's still a joy. It's still a joy we're doing Toy Story 3 now. And the funniest things happen.
 that he shouldn't insult me because I cry easily. So he was so nervous. And finally, I realized what had happened. And I said, were you told to be nice to me? He said, yes. I said, you don't have to be anymore. Well, he was so relieved.
 And what is he like? Well, I think he's got kind of a good sense of humor. I think he's kind of a good guy, dad. He's a good dad. He cares very much.
 Jenny and and she's absolutely of course amazing. She's an amazing actress and amazing woman and I've been a huge fan of Diane Keaton's for
 So getting a chance to kind of work with her and I did get a chance to work with her in one session
 in a studio, and I did get a chance to work with Diane. Although it was really odd, I was in Toronto. She was in Los Angeles, so she was on a monitor in my studio. I could see her on a TV monitor.
 and she could see me on a TV monitor in her studio and it was the one session when we got a chance to do scenes together and it was really quite amazing for a number of reasons. One is just watching her work and you're seeing the
 the greatest time watching finding Dory. I think a lot. Well, first
 It's Dory and it's Marlin and they're back in a big way.
 You know the same I think you know the same sense of adventure that that the story kind of told in finding Nemo
 is pretty much there in spades in Finding Dory. You know, there are some amazing adventures, funny and terrifying and
 get along with my my daughter from my first marriage but but the daughter from my first marriage
 Yeah, my my second wife and the same with my mother who played by
 up in this Ponzi situation that leads to the whole witness protection.
 thing. But, you know, as a dad, I don't think I'm a disciplinarian.
 that's one of the problems with this family that stems from me. I'm just not strong enough or I should be.
 in that sense of, you know, discipline and do's and don'ts. You know, I had some eccentric.
 know it was fun hanging around them much the way it's fun hanging around Medea but we didn't get the same sense of distance
 I definitely was a fan of fighting me, but I thought it was one of the great animated features.
 It was funny. It was heartwarming. I thought the voice that Ellen brought to the character was quite amazing.
 What brought me to Dory? They asked me to do it and I said yes before I could even hear the rest of the question.
 the boot, it was the finding Nemo sequence.
 in serious psychiatric sessions to kind of contemplate.
 I was fascinated by what they did with the face.
 because the character, the animated character, doesn't look any fortunate
 It's own distinctive kind of character. I didn't recognize my
 kind of in my career. And that I thought was really quite amazing.
 And I was I just think that animation is so brilliant what those guys
 sex advice, you know, avoid it, but you know that ain't gonna happen.
 on your own experience, but I can't say that's true because I never really quite got to that phase.
 Spell the CHI WT is a legitimate surname.
 But we looked up in several phone books and found
 and different cities and then in several countries. So, you know, our argument was, if you're interviewing somebody, let's say, on your news broadcast and you're supering people that you are interviewing on the air and their name happened to be
 the one, you know, CBC over, which is they couldn't argue against the fact that this is a person's name. We have a right to, you know, to use that as the title. It's the name of the family that founded the
 first successful comedy show sitcom, not comedy show sitcom, that this country at
 the audience without it being the real name, certainly not in impression. Joe was not doing an impression of Lloyd
 Because there are no boundaries. You can kind of go where you want to go creatively. And if the audience wants to go with you,
 the most appropriate name for our show. Our show is about a wealthy, wealthy family who lose everything.
 So they lose and they bought a town when they had money.
 year old son is a birthday present, and the reason we bought it is a joke was because the town was called Schitt's Creek, and now that they've lost everything, the only place they can actually afford to
 the show and my daughter Sarah is also on the show playing Twilight the Waitress and Dan, my son.
 Well, it's a different way to go. I mean, an improvised movie, like these movies, where we kind of have a written outline, but we don't write the dialogue, is a very, very fun way to shoot a movie because you just don't know what's going to happen in front of the camera. We don't have any rehearsals. So it's always fun.
 to improvise and you always use kind of improvisation in
 second city show. We were, it was like mid-70s when we saw our first Chicago show and there was, there was, we noticed a big difference.
 scenes. I wasn't I and I thought well how can they do a scene this long kind of with very few laughs and yet the
 The late, the late great, Gilder-Anner, and so we did see
 Well, it was I was excited about the prospect of doing scenes with Stifler's mom and of course it turned out to be
 you know, as much fun as I, as I knew it would be. Yeah, for me it was
 You know, when I kind of realized where the story was going, once I found out, I mean to me that was like, finally I get to
 and it worked so well between you, the chemistry was brilliant. I know you guys were in a 9-10 family a little earlier on and it was very, very funny because there was a group of guys down stairs in
 I mean, there's something charming about hearing when Jim's dad, when people go,
 because those were done after we thought there was going to be no more theatrical American pies. And lo and behold, we hear there is going to be another one, and that's American reunion.
 if this works for the studio and they're quite happy with it I mean I wouldn't be shocked if they decide to go for another one but you know something tells me
 You know, I mean, if I was a betting man, I guess I might say this could be the...
 Well, I it's not it's not that it's not really that difficult, but I understand why why it's still shocking to people because that's the the personality of the movie I think you know they if you can't be shocked by an American pie movie
 Lord Levy, I think. That's pretty good. No, it's pretty, it's pretty amazing.
 You know, it was a great day. I've never been prouder to be me.
 metal around my neck. I said I feel more like the court jester than a
 You know, because everybody there is just, you know, they have, they're accomplishments are just, you know, amazing. And I'm, you know, I'm like a character guy.
 So I feel like what am I doing here, you know, really? But it was a pretty amazing night. I'll tell you what the most amazing thing about that day was.
 at the black tie dinner after the event and I'm sitting beside the governor general's wife and he's at the next table and just as they were about to serve the entree for the dinner I feel a kidney stone
 They couldn't have been sweeter and they couldn't have been more helpful.
 and I'm thinking, okay, this I've had them before and it's like, you know, now I've got to, at what point do I do?
 the governor general's wife, that this is what's going on, because at a certain point, if it comes on really strong,
 you're going to be carried out. You won't be able to walk out of the room. So I said, I'm thinking, OK, now it's getting bad, but it wasn't getting worse. So I made it through the whole dinner, didn't need a thing. That was the sad part. It was a good looking dinner.
 and I told her after the dinner and then she was you know she was very fine she said oh well you know we'll we'll find something I said I may need some prescription drugs tonight in Ottawa on its late do you guys have any pull in this
 Honestly, it's not so much reflecting on your career. I can't believe I'm here. That's all I'm thinking about.
 you know my parents who are no longer here thinking you know how proud they you know would have been and you know if they're looking down I'm sure they're you know being
 I just feel good. I mean, I can't honestly, I still don't understand how it happened.
 I think, listen, I love that franchise. There's no question about it. You know, I always thought my career was doing okay up to that point. I mean, you know, never had to take a, you know, waiting job to support my career.
 as a problem. Well, we all started with, you know, working with Gilda back, you know,
 And she was an amazingly talented woman, very funny, very sweet, very positive.
 which are all over, Gildes Club Greater Toronto is what the benefit is for, is kind of
 She kind of made it known that it's when she started going to the wellness center in Los Angeles.
 people going through the same thing, and that's what Gildes Club is. Here, people with cancer and their families go, and they get to
 anniversary of the show and it's going to be absolutely an incredible show. I mean, Russell Peters is hosting it again. Marty Short is coming up for the show.
 that we'll do on the show and Andrea Martin and oh my god Lighthouse and Andy Kim and
 I find it sometimes tougher, you know, the older you get. You find a lot of things kind of tough. I mean, even this is tough coming on and talking about yourself, you know.
 I just, I'm, you know, I've always had a very low key kind of approach to just about everything, although when you're younger, everything is more important.
 Yeah, I wonder why he got that job and I didn't get it and all that kind of stuff and now I really don't you know it doesn't
 bother me quite so much. I mean I'm fortunate that you know I'm now in a position where if I don't really want to do so
 I don't have to do it. I can just, you know, put the clubs in the car and, you know, hit the golf course.
 It's harder now to find stuff that
 You're doing kind of, you know? I mean, American Pie, they can do it from now to the end of time and I will come back and do it because I love it so much and I love the characters
 And I did go through those meetings in my younger days where you walk into a room and there's somebody there who really doesn't know anything about you.
 or kind of putting it into sleep. And now I just, you know, I just say, excuse me, can I interrupt you for one second? Could you get me?
 are put in front of him. But, you know, honestly, when the camera starts rolling, he may get to two or three of the scripted questions and the rest he just goes with.
 is one of the great creations of all time and it's amazing how fast and how fast
 going to kind of get the same give and take. You may not necessarily get what you're expecting from the people that you're working with. And I've had some
 Pretty scary, like, you know, fingernails on a chalkboard.
 scary kind of experiences where you're just not a lot, but a couple that you just wouldn't want to go through twice.
 But you know mostly mostly I've been very I really have been very lucky I've worked with people that are great that are smart that are funny that you know they're always working at the top of the
 And that's how it first kind of came up. OK. And when John and I actually sat in his hotel room one day in Edmonton, watching
 this one improvising is encouraged and you know you're start we've got a great script started off with a fencing
 and CBC was just hot on the idea right from the very beginning. And they had made a very conscious choice to kind of make a 90 degree turn and kind of go more cable.
 I mean, I watch his work. I think he's amazing on campus.
 this was all unfolding since we started working together because we'd never worked together before so I'm kind of seeing this
 Now believe it or not, we haven't had like a lot of disagreements.
 Another we were both nominated for Best Actor for the Canadian Screen Awards that we just had
 like forward moving, forward moving, forward moving, and it's only once you sort of sit down for a second and look back
 I was competing with my son for I was up for best actor in a comedy series my son Dan was also up for
 What do you how do you feel about being up against yours? I said I have no idea I don't have this is like for me I'm obviously rooting for my son because you know I'm a dad I'm not
 is to see my kids working in a scene with Katherine O'Hare. It is totally surreal.
 that we're just going to be there longer than we originally thought we were. So life has to go on and it's
 created these amazing characters that have now gotten us into the fourth installment here.
 physical attributes to be a Tom Hanks kind of leading man.
 part of this tonight and delighted to have been a part of Splash the movie.
 We set out to make Dan and I, my son Dan, we set out to make a show that we
 responsibility and we kind of did that and our sensibility really is
 as a fly in the wall and all of a sudden the money is gone.
 and the, you know, our great writers and Dan's doing a great job running the room now.
 in this town now which means more interaction with the town's people and I think that's what all the characters in their own world
 Well, it was a pretty exciting thing when we
 and it was, you know, when I finally got to hear what the story was, how the characters were kind of moving along and what John and Hayden, the writer-directors, had in mind
 For this I got very excited you know when I because I thought there's their their story the way they were lying and that was was very excited
 and kind of fresh. So it was it was a lot of fun.
 For this I got very excited, you know when I because I thought there's their
 Well, it was fantastic. I mean, one of the great things was knowing I was going to be doing scenes with Jennifer, with Stiffler's mom. And getting Jim's dad and Stiffler's mom together was just, I thought, just an amazingly broke
 And, you know, we had a...
 and it was just kind of fun on the set and it was for the
 thought it was just a really interesting way to go and stepping outside of what we
 brilliant aspects of the script was was making Jim's dad a widower because it did open up a lot of different you know avenues here and one was that it kind
 enabled, Jim and his dad to kind of, you know, have those
 So that was, you know, I thought that was, that was pretty amazing and, you know, quite honestly.
 scene I shot in this movie was in the back of the bedroom with Jim.
 like I was doing the original American pie, everything was the same, the wallpaper, the bed's
 You know, everything in that room was identical to the way it was back then. So I was kind of a spooky experience.
 It doesn't happen a lot in one's career and to hit on something to be associated with something.
 Very well because I didn't get to work with them at all so I didn't really get to know them
 of creating friendships with these people that I really haven't worked with before.
 But this this is a very funny movie and it's it was really a well
 And can they make the next movie as good or better?
 shows, Godspell and Second City, which was an institution, moving to Toronto, and luckily I was able to kind of make both of those shows. And those were the, that's the first three or four years of my career, kind of doing eight shows a week, which I was really fortunate. And then out of Second City Theatre, we of course
 developed and created our television show, Second City Television, which became SCTV. And, you know, the rest kind of just rolls
 No, I mean, I sort of always knew that I wanted to perform. I didn't quite know in what capacity. And so in high school and college, I was doing a lot of acting stuff and then got my job on MTV, which was more of a hosting situation. And that took about eight years.
 took me away from the acting thing for a while and when I left MTV I got back into it and about a year and a half into that I started working with my dad on this project and then a couple years later here we are.
 Well, it's really a show about a very wealthy family.
 lose all their money. You know, their business manager kind of screws them. They got the left holding the bag for years of unpaid taxes. The government takes everything except a town that they once bought as a joke and they bought it as a joke because that's the name of the town. Shit's crazy.
 the only place they can afford to live now until they get back on their feet.
 is, uh, is shits Creek. So it's really, it's that fish out of water kind of situation, but really it's about this family that never really functioned together as a family when they had money. And now they're living in two adjoining motel rooms in shits
 four virtually incapable human beings trying to figure out what it's like to, you know, live
 great character actress, so kind of, you know, chameleon-like when she does characters. This is perhaps, you know, one of her great, great
 performances in this role of Moira Rose. She's incredibly funny and insanely funny.
 And, you know, and we've been, it's true, we've been working for years on the Chris Guest movies and even, you know, before that going back to
 that I have that we're able to work together that's you know she's always the first name
 It's 10 o'clock on pop TV. And if you want to find your channel just head to the website poptv.com and you can input your postal code and area code and they'll tell you where to find the channel on your local cable.
 with friends, and we finished the dinner. We're walking out of the restaurant. I remember she was walking out on the
 street with her arm around my wife. She had her shoes in her hand walking down the sidewalk in
 to squeeze a stage piece in if we were really strapped for writing.
 And a lot of times they just didn't work as well because they're stage pieces. And of course, when we performed them, we performed them at the same energy level that we would on stage because that's what we were used to doing. They didn't work as well. But the news piece was a great television adaptation because it was TV that we were doing on stage. And when we just put it in the show, it worked pretty well. I mean, we started in show one and went right through
 Linye Tang, Edith Prickley started as a stage character.
 I don't remember, but you're clarifying this for me, which is great.
 It was a nice place. Whatever. I don't know what the point is. The point is I enjoyed my house. I don't know whether they're
 Yeah, I could tell you what it was. We had a pool. We had a lovely chat who was living in the guest house. I don't think you really care about that.
 I only did the shows when Andrew called me to say do you want to come up and do and guest on some shows. But beforehand I had no intention of going back. I just thought it was too pathetic.
 little thing. But I did go up and guest for a couple of weeks and when I got up there I saw how the production had just
 It was amazing. We'd never had production like this in Toronto. It was, you know, great direction, great lighting, great sets. I mean, it really looked dazzling. And once I get up there, I said, whoa.
 You would check off. You're in a bar. You were, you know, this was, we were working our asses up.
 with them was so much energy and enthusiasm that, you know, at this point, around about our second and last season, you know, we were kind of getting tired and it was Marty's energy.
 and just positive vibe and attitude that kind of picked everybody up and now we had to kind of come back up to
 Yes, well, I was 1981 during the kind of Gene Demanian
 of the, just when the original cast had left, right, 1979 or something like that, and the new cast came in, new producer. I did hear that, that they wanted to put us in the Saturday night, 11, 30 time slots.
 Well, I think because they're opposists in some senses because he's someone who's always worried. He's always his brain is always in conflict and that comes across when you read the books. It's sort of, it's almost tiring because he never stops thinking about, he's really conscientious and he has to, like Hermione tells me, as a saving person and he does. Whereas Luna really goes with the flow, you know, she's where everyone's worried about being killed.
 i'n gwybod i'n gwybod i'n gwybod i'n gwybod i'n gwybod i'n gwybod i'n gwybod i'n gwybod i'n gwybod i'n gwybod i'n gwybod i'n gwybod i'n gwybod i'n gwybod i'n gwybod i'n gwybod i'n gwybod i'n gwybod i'n gwybod i'n gwybod i'n gwybod i'n gwybod i'n gwybod i'n gwybod i'n gwybod i'n gwybod i'n gwybod i'n gwybod i'n gwybod i'n gwybod i'n gwybod i'n gwybod i'n gwybod i'n gwybod i'n gwybod
 as dad, as you're a failure, and it's just so much fun being part of the love-good clan, I think, and being learned, and you sometimes feel like you're the outsider, it's just something that goes with her. But when it was with her dad, I felt really relaxed.
 different. It's not like any of the ones before, because they're not Hogwarts anymore. And the sense that it's the seventh book. And this was the big question when the book came out where Harry Lever died. And that's the thing in the film you
 If there's no Dumbledore, the Wiesleys are gone, there's no one to protect them. And you have that sense that there are these teenagers out in the world.
 and how great I can't really get my old pictures in the head. But the ones who I'm friends with, in the book, they're not their characters.
 I think he's a little bit self-conscious, you know, and everyone's against him in the fifth book and he doesn't want
 and she is wise, she is really good insight into people.
 because she doesn't have any friends. And then when she likes Harry, you know?
 doing this army she wanted to go to learn the magic but also to make friends you know she likes, she's not a loner although she's
 kind of the I don't know no one likes me I'm the very like
 Yeah, I learned to remember that by having that, by not worrying, you saved yourself a lot of trouble.
 they don't do anything. They're trying to protect us from failing, but they actually
 change. She's too much at one with herself that she doesn't need to. So, and people just are always asking, like, how does it be that
 Almost a little bit. I was a little bit for a cycle. Oh, that's a bit, you know, I don't. But I think coming back here, like that was before I came back. I went back here two days ago and saw and met the people who were running it. I'm just, I'm really happy now about this and I'm happy that it's become a studio tour so that it's always going to be there. It's not like packed in boxes and it's not like it never exists.
 It's like leaves, and it's now the home of Harry Potter, which is such a nice thing. And we've also seen some of the people coming through.
 and their reactions are just amazing and so rewarding.
 Yeah, absolutely. Walking through the Great Hall especially there's I remember all the scenes I did with friends and like
 was it and I love those scenes where everyone came back because most of my scenes were either like just with Dan or with the
 up the DA member is six of them and but these ones are always everyone
 I love the Creatureshop and I think it's my favorite in the Creatureshop.
 Phoenix and he's really really beautiful and yeah he just looked
 he's so cool and I just think they've taken all his personality and his interests into account when they built that set.
 I like the Sims a lot. I like some race car games.
 in turn, by the fantasy and the world that J.K. Rowling created.
 No, you know, yeah, I found to see world that we don't experience that I think it
 it's interesting it's like an escape but it's not that you relate to it and she's created some
 French and at my place but I just think at the moment it's a really good time to
 The whole film is just towards this battle, it's really big.
 The special effects work really well with this and the 3D. I was a bit skeptical about the 3D effects, but it works really well.
 you'll just see every character kind of get there and get a moment and it's surprising because there is so much to pack in but all the key characters have been there throughout the series.
 she's going to be wherever she's meant to be. And that's what you never see her worried. She's always just quite relaxed. And even the battle scenes, she'll never start solving hysterically.
 only be positive and it's the right way of thinking, like where he gets, doesn't get anyone anywhere.
 And I think she's a very spiritual character. And also the way she sees herself.
 and they don't have all this self-dead or self-angster and thing that some people in our society
 because they believe they're part of nature and they're perfect for that reason and that's the way Luna is and that's why she's always so calm and trusting and so yeah I think fate is a big part. I think Hermione and Jake are on
 When there's no evidence purely because there's no evidence to the contrary, she just likes to keep an open mind.
 All his, the whole purpose of his life is so...
 the whole purpose of his life is so deeply rooted in his past and it's
 Mae'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd
 Like, when I would put on her clothes, it was just really colorful and bright and so unlike what anyone else would wear.
 things. And it's lovely, it's such a relief to not, because I suppose I would generally worry more than her.
 Mae'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd i'n mynd
 I don't have to ask him what was like working with. He's older, better, and I have to use a box and bother about them.
 So yeah, and I remember my meeting with him very very clearly the first time it was at my screen test, so I hadn't even got the part then. So aside from being just terrified, I just like paralyzed my nerves, but actually auditioned.
 I was just like, if that day was to blur and I'm ever coming in, I haven't got my costume on.
 I did, I had two butterflies. We were on stage, we were doing them a live fleeky mug.
 Yeah, it's even worse, you know, because I've had this, not just for the films, I've had it since I was eight. So, I mean, I don't even really know what kind of person I was before I had Harry Potter.
 because it might last up on the Harry Potter tour because the premiere it's really fun but you don't see a lot of your friends it's so big huge and and just lots of people you don't know where
 And it was lovely because it's like I have been feeling quite down about this going out like some after the first
 experience. We're going, yeah, and going through it and that you can talk to someone that say how sad you
 the line hat, I designed that. But do you know what, I hope that people take from
 She really likes it cuz cuz she doesn't have any friends and then when she hurt she likes Harry
 was doing this army, she wanted to go to learn the magic, but also to make friends. She's not a loner, although she's alone.
 for all the love you've shown to me and to all the members of the Harry Potter cast and yeah thank you for passing on
 It's made that more clear. Having the park here, like actually going from the little world to the wizarding world and that's why people, everyone sort of wants to
 go into acting if I hadn't been for this. So really push me into this and I'm like, I love it.
 I don't know if it was inside out, but it was more just the child than me coming out and playing. And I didn't know how to approach the character who I was already up to.
 really had a connection with. So that was just kind of, I did something that was
 small scale because I wanted to just explore and I found it
 challenging it was because it wasn't and also because it was
 Your part of your skilled projects is that you have to be so much more responsible, like, aware of yourself. You have to look at it for yourselves, because they don't have the luxury of time to spend
 to keep going over things and sometimes it can come out looking awful.
 Like, great. So yeah, there was a certain, I felt more, I had more creative freedom, I suppose.
 listen to the audiobooks, the performances by Jim Dale of the American editions of the books, Count West Times. I mean, we're talking about numbers in the
 rehearsals almost as someone who's been in the desert for so long. And Percival Graves, who is a smart man, perceives this and is exploiting it by saying, hey, you in the desert here is water.
 But Graves also needs something from credence. There's a task.
 That seems to be the dynamic of this mutual reliance that then starts to crumble as they both start to realize or to think that the other one does not have what they need.
 incredibly fun. We had a really, really wonderful time, fleshing it out in rehearsal and realizing it on the day. We were very explorative. David would give us a lot of angles to play with the scene from.
 very attentive, probably like every single person who worked on this film, very attentive to trying to on
 The subtleties of the dynamic as it was written because that's the amazing thing about JK Rowling's work is
 and they had the bullhorn and they were yelling mean things at people.
 David Yates is the antithesis of that image. He is the opposite of all of those qualities.
 Incredibly quiet. He maintains an incredibly quiet set. The focus on the work is really strong. He's very sweet and kind and warm, loving and supportive, but at the same time, he is a director who will challenge you and will accept nothing less than the best and most authentic performance that you're capable of that day.
 and I'd accept the note and then he'd walk away and I'd go wait a second how did he know what I was
 In a sense, when we really love a story, we all step into
 I don't know, for me a lot of my material in this film is just conversations between two people. A lot of the other actors has had a lot more to sort of fill in the blanks of in their mind, but I will say that what I did do
 work with the visual effects department was really collaborative and they were always trying to let us know what things would look like and they were watching our performance is also to inform how they were going to make these images.
 Because remember on the playground when two people would disagree about what you're imagining you're like no
 sort of had a moment of temporary insanity and Jubilee on the street.
 I wanted to do it just seeing this like muck-raking, aspiring, investigative, radical journalist who was obsessed with unrest.
 Donzo ideology of putting himself as this over dramatized character that he enjoyed.
 you know, this power is corrupting him and what was supposed to be a movement is becoming all
 person. Because I think people are naturally
 level, there's an awareness in a baby. Baby, when even when a child is born, that's a nine-month-progressed organism.
 removed from kind of what makes us human, we're becoming less and less understanding.
 can be forgiven. I mean, because we can all on some level understand
 These are incredibly delicate and complex.
 That's that birdie was yes that birdie was honest with you. I don't know how that bird got all that information
 Yeah, I'm a huge Harry Potter fan. Yes was I still
 from 1926 New York, some long underwear, because I really like old school long underwear. They're so stylish, you can just wear them as pants, you look
 play Credence Barebone and he's sort of a sad character, he's grown
 part of the enchantment so I can fit anything in there but then it is extremely
 the people in history who might have actually had some magical bills.
 getting out of control, sort of falling out of line and how that's how evolution happens on
 often having rather miserable lives and being rejected by society and
 So in some cases, try umping and managing to find joy, but always outside of society.
 But it's almost like Credence got mess. Credence got left behind or Mary Lou madden
 What they could have been if they were never subjected to that drama is tragic and then thinking about people
 It's somewhat like a valve. Remember in band class at school, the gross woodwind section would have the spit valve. Remember they'd have to let out the spit
 Drift off and start playing with a prop or staring at
 the body. All art is made by the body. If we're a singer, we're dancing with our vocal cords. If we're
 And for me, what I guess what I was interested in, or what I'm becoming more and more interested in, is a lot of times in acting we talk about setting intention. So what is your character's motivation in this scene? Which is great and is important. But for me, what I'm becoming more interested in is, instead of intention, paying attention and paying attention to the body.
 We have this enormous tread mill. I think that's called it.
 meets visual effects, and what we're trying to implement is a wide diversity of tactics of how
 I don't know how exciting that biopic would really be or just be like me growing up in suburb the New Jersey and then like getting some wrong be like how did this possibly
 We think we live in the coolest, craziest city in the world and the most lively, vibrant city in the world.
 This city is so amazing and there's so much going on.
 Yeah, it has all the energy and all the vibrance of New York, but maybe time
 I certainly had that period. I remember when I was about 13 years old.
 Everybody had an identity, everybody had these opinions.
 and so I started to have my own opinions and I started to sort of carve out my own identity.
 You know, I had to pretend like I hated the music my parents liked even though before then and now again now I can admit it's actually
 good looks can only get you so far and often people don't care
 like girls with artistic sensibility and you make art and I tend to
 Love or relate to someone else if you can't first love and relate to
 Actors who trust their instincts and working with
 that there is nothing more important. You can intellectualize and think about a character or a
 The best thing you can do is let your internal awareness
 and to listen and to pay attention to the other actors because there's a danger in thinking too much.
 that you will ignore what's really happening and you'll miss the
 I say it all the time. I say it when I'm alone, you know, I'll just, I'll just be like, you know, always.
 Like a maniacal, like a fanatical. Yeah, I would listen to the audiobooks almost every day of my life.
 This isn't even like a cereal bowl, this is like a bowl you'd put some sort of sauce or garnish in.
 This connects, maybe this doesn't, maybe I'm just talking about it because I'm obsessed with it.
 and audition that involved doing an improvisation with just a couple
 Conspiracy, David Yates and David Heyman, they came to New York and we met.
 misfit sort of by design in a couple different ways. I had a breath line stutter when I
 out of the opera, I was beginning to have questions about my sexuality and was starting
 Kiss boys sometimes and that didn't help
 opportunity to see things more clearly from afar with a grand perspective, but we shouldn't discount
 to that sort of invention or creativity and in fact makes people feel really stifled and like they have to be outside of society in order to express
 of the problems in our world and I think we can see the correlation pretty
 Most prominently surfaces and bears its teeth that's always going to be tied into misogyny and if we don't address misogyny then
 It all intersects, always. She's intersect with the oppression of women and female bodies.
 because I had a speech impediment. And that almost threw me off.
 I have remained at least partially immersed in that world.
 Even in my most rebellious, adolescent times, I would still retreat.
 You know what I mean? When I heard about this movie's existence, I just wanted to be in it whatever way. Could I never dream there was going to be a role that would be my age and would be so complex?
 So then when I had done an initial audition and went and talked to the venerable conspiracy of David's, that is, Heyman and
 Saturn, because it was just so intriguing and exciting and sounded like this really beautiful metaphor for something that I knew in a certain way.
 But when it comes time to work, there is a focus and an intensity. There's just a raw power honestly that
 that he has and he channels. So when the scene would start and he would become graves, it was such a complete transformation energetically, you could feel.
 you know, form a just very friendly bond with him.
 you know, credences is drawn to graves and doesn't really see the, he feels the sinister but doesn't really connect with it or identify
 Contexts you know that are some of my come from some of my favorite works and some of my favorite
 and Barry is just getting into it and it seems exciting and very fun
 I remember when I told my dad I was eight. I was like, Dad, I'm going to be a performer, I'll just...
 and him being initially kind of taken aback, but then having a really, really quickly coming to the conclusion allowed, like that is
 And I remember when my dad said that to me like, feeling like sort of like a man.
 I was right there though. I was on the cusp 1991.
 that. I think that makes us less haul as people.
 recycling these, we keep drawing these battle lines.
 human beings are amazing and love is an honor and an opportunity.
 different songs, but when I was a kid I would only let him sing one song and it was a song he used to fall asleep too.
 Very interesting. Again, very challenging, but very intriguing exploration.
 So amazing really to play a character who's, you know, I've played dark, sad, upset, disturbed characters of other varieties before.
 But this was six months of shooting, you know, which is very different.
 in terms of the the execution of it for more than a couple months in terms of actual
 returning to Credence's body, brought up challenges for me that I didn't expect.
 working on this film and she was very generous with me. She became in many ways my
 fairy godmother in England even as she was playing my bad foster mother in New York.
 Yeah, and just an unbelievable opportunity to work with
 an incredible channel in to many art forms. I mean, I think what's amazing about Sam is that she's every medium. She's music and she's film
 because she, you know, creates film and she's constantly writing and she's constantly creating. And so when she comes to a project,
 like she just brings all of these incredible resources. And she had some experiences in her life that were almost parallel to Credence's experience. And so she was very excited to play this role because she was almost able to bring
 And I feel only comfortable saying something like that just because she's she's spoken of it so
 And so she has that she had this deep understanding of these dynamics that she was actually able to share with me and she was actually very helpful for me in the formation of my
 It's so cool. I mean, it's so cool, honestly, this year has been so fun.
 but inevitably fall into. It's been a fantastic year, but going from Fantastic Beasts
 to this very different space. I mean, in every way, the tone
 the character, the physicality, it's all almost...
 It's more than you ever really even allow yourself to dream.
 good to be true. I can't really describe the feeling. It's like butterflies, but they're
 day we confront the reality of abuse.
 and then to victimize that other, instead of dealing with ourselves.
 It's easy to sort of not pay attention to the fact that that's happening in so many of the homes across
 but it's real and it's something that we have to deal with.
 called Childline in the UK, who are their response and outreach program for
 their organizations like that that exist all around the world, where you can find support networks for people who are survivors of abuse. And I'm really grateful Childline let me sort of talk to some of their responders and then also talk
 Some survivors also talking to some people in my life who are survivors in a similar way like a really similar way to credence that specifically in foster care, you know the trauma of
 of losing or never having your biological family, but then the process of going from family to family and sometimes these people come at foster care with the wrong intentions. So all of that was the hardest part, dealing with that confronting that because I just found that I
 problem in our world and it's on microcosms in homes and then it's the macrocosm
 that we create just parent to child, parent to child care.
 Yeah, probably the volume definitely I was I was gonna
 I mean, and that's true, right? I mean, it shouldn't be. This was this art form. Actually, if you think about what it is in a basic form, it shouldn't be a beauty content.
 Yeah, great. Yeah, great. That's what I need if I was getting shot at in remote countries. Yeah, some peanuts.
 I was like, who in their right mind would take Stephen Shabaski's brain?
 When I was born, I can't really remember.
 kids play and when kids play they make believe and they put themselves into this
 to stop playing make believe and I was really lucky to find when I was like sick
 I got into opera and then was able to actually find really, like, incredible.
 chorus or they were seeing with the met for two years. So then it was like it talked about being sanctioned. It was like professional.
 I don't want to work just for the sake of working. I want to wait for the project to be right.
 something that will challenge me and something that I know I can bring a lot to.
 see the final result and it's so you know like moving in a motion
 and he's like, you know, I feel so proud of this film. Every time that happens, I feel like I become, I get reinforces my will to be
 that whoever had, whatever the brain was.
 There was only so far you could go wrong with what we'd done up there.
 I certainly did not expect how far it had gone.
 I mean, I was crying when the film ended and I
 and there was this young girl who was
 This film was made for one kid in Nebraska. Yes, and we're trying desperately to find
 love to be able to do like the ingorgeo and reducto spell.
 just to make things different sizes. So I'd like to right now be able to make you very
 I would have just clung to that Ron Pearlman's head and played an ear. If that's what I had to do to be involved in, it has to be somewhere to find them.
 The fact that the character was a dream role for any actor was just a very, very luscious icing on it already.
 was really fantastic. When you see 1920s underwear
 you understand that they had the new things back
 I don't identify with that. I think that makes us less whole.
 human beings are amazing and love is an honor and an opportunity and a fragile thing
 No, I mean, I guess I mean someone else doubt it.
 you know, drink from that well and draw in information and get
 But I would certainly pre-order them online at the first available opportunity and would wait for them eagerly. Like go and check the mailbox long before it was possible that they would be there. That sort of thing or the kid you wait for.
 Yeah, and yeah, I would listen to the audiobooks almost every day of my life for several years, embarrassingly.
 in one way or another, especially when we are children, we have such an access point to magic through our
 brought back to the true magic that we all partake of. Remind it again
 and again and again that it's that it's friendship you know and that
 imagination of what magic could be, but then ultimately we were always brought back to the true magic.
 I think that is a truth that can be found through a lot of the wisdom traditions of the world, those people who do practice magic, I think would agree with Jacob.
 There's something at the root, which has to do with how human beings have this dangerous tendency to separate ourselves from the world and the beings around us.
 With separation, we lose awareness. And with a loss of awareness, we become frightened. And when we're frightened, we often lash out or demonize or target what we're frightened of.
 you know, permeating all culture is this dangerous element of seeing someone else as completely separate from yourself, losing awareness of how those people are different, but at the root always the same, and then demonizing and targeting other people.
 the dangers in the world that JK Rowling seems to time and time again direct our attention to. And what a great time for this film to come out as
 The situation is unbelievably dire. We've lost half the biologist.
 No matter what, no matter how quickly we can pull it together or
 are, you know, ship on this destructive path.
